Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to Vice President Pence. He's a good guy. We've done a great job together. And Merry Christmas, Michigan. Thank you, Michigan. What a victory we had in Michigan. What a victory was that. One of the greats. Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God. Thank you very much. And did you notice that everybody is saying Merry Christmas again? Did you notice? Saying Merry Christmas. I remember when I first started this beautiful trip, this beautiful journey, I just said to the First Lady, "You are so lucky. I took you on this fantastic journey. It's so much fun. They want to impeach you. They want to do worse than that." By the way, by the way, by the way, it doesn't really feel like we're being impeached. The country is doing better than ever before. We did nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong. And we have tremendous support in the Republican Party like we've never had before. Nobody's ever had this kind of support. But this sacred season, our country is thriving and it's thriving truly like it has never, it has never happened before to the extent what's happening now. And by the way, your state, because of us, not because of local government, but because of us, because of the job that we've done. Because I understand she's not fixing those potholes. That's what the word is. It was all about roads and they want to raise those gasoline taxes on you. We don't want to do that. But she's not fixing the potholes. But Michigan's had the best year it's ever had. Best year it's ever had. And that's because we have auto companies expanding and thriving and they're coming in from Japan and they're coming in from a lot of other places. Look what's happening. And you know, I don't know if you know this, but probably 10 years ago I was honored. I was the Man Of The Year by I think somebody, whoever. I was the Man Of The Year in Michigan. Can you believe it? Long time. And that was long before I ever decided to do this. I was happy. I had a beautiful life. What the hell did I do this for? But look how we're doing. Do we love it? I love it. But anyway, I was the Man Of The Year and probably close to 10 years ago and I came to Michigan. He said, "You're still the Man Of The Year." Thank you. Who said that? Thank you. So I came in and I remember the speech so well. I said, "Why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to Mexico and to go from China where they come in from China, they build them in China, they sell them into our country with no tax and you lose your jobs, you lose your factories, the companies leave and you get nothing. Why are they lying?" I asked that a long time ago and we stopped it. We've stopped it. And you see that. And we just made the USMCA. We're getting rid of NAFTA, which I think is the worst trade deal ever. And it's very exciting. It's a great deal. It's a great deal. It's going to stop exactly what we were just talking about. It makes it very, very prohibitive. They can do it, but they've got to pay a hell of a big price to do it. And history has proven that stops them. But we have a great USMCA that we negotiated with Mexico, with Canada. Now, from the standpoint of the farmers, you know what's going on. We had tremendous trade barriers in Canada. We had attacks on dairy products, 297% tariff, nobody talked about it, with Canada. And we had some really bad things with Mexico. We now have a wonderful deal. And if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done what? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries and that would have been it, right? That would have been it. Unfortunately the deal's been sitting with Nancy Pelosi for a long time and what happened? And she had a lot of pressure, especially from manufacturing areas, farm areas, a lot of pressure to sign it. So here's what happens. So I get along with labor. I had a lot of union labor vote for me, tremendous amount of labor. In New York where I come from, we have a lot of unions. And that's okay. That's fine. So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal. And now you have the Democrats trying to take credit for this deal and that's okay. Whatever it takes. For seven months, it sits. They don't do anything. We give. And by the way, I spoke to the unions the day before I say, "Fellows, you got to get it done." And union labor loves me and I love you too sir. I love you too sir. So we have a great deal with Mexico, with Canada. And it is true. I say it out loud because I say it to them right now. If they ever wanted to break the deal, that's okay. If somebody wants to break a deal with me, you always have to have an alternative, right? And this country, the deals we made, we did a deal with South Korea. That's great. We did a deal with Japan, 40 billion dollar deal with Japan. It was just a little piece of a deal. Okay? That was a piece of a deal. And I said to Japan, "Look, you got to make this deal or we're going to put a 20% tariff on the cars. And that's more money than anything we're talking about." That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. Get her out. Ger her out of here. Oh well. You're about to hear the greatest speech you've ever heard. And that's going to be the publicity because all the fake news back there will say massive riot… Massive riots. Fake news. But seriously, look, look, look, they won't say it. They won't say it, because when we have protesters all in favor, they don't talk about it, but there's a slob. There's a real slob. Wait, wait a minute. She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom. But she made… Look, she screams a little bit. And you know what I like to do? Avoid them. Because I'll tell you the big problem. I could hardly hear her. What happens is all of you people go crazy. Look, look, look, and the place. Okay, so there's one disgusting person who made… Wait, wait, who made a… I wouldn't say this, but made a horrible gesture with the wrong finger right? Now they won't say that, the fake news, they won't say it. If one of us did that, it would be like the biggest story ever. I think it's terrible. And I'll tell you the other thing, I don't know who the security company is, but the police came up, but they want to be so politically correct so they don't grab her wrist lightly and get her out. They say, "Oh, would you please come? Would you please come with me?" Sure. "Ma'am, would you?" And then she gives the guy the finger and he, "Oh, Oh." You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks. And they… . Making another group of tariffs, seven and a half percent. This gives us a lot of currency to do the phase two deal, which they want to start, but we're taking in billions of dollars and to help the farmers who were targeted, 16 billion and 12 billion the previous year, helps the farmers. So you know what we do, out of that big check that we get, all that money flows into the treasury. Out of the big check, we gave the farmers 16 billion dollars and 12 billion for the previous year. And you know, the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers. I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House. You know what they said to me? I said, "Don't worry about it. We're going to take care of you guys." And I used a bad word. You know what word I used? We're going to get you a subsidy. And they said this two years ago, I said, "How much were you targeted for?" This was the first year. "12 billion, sir." The second year was 16. They were target. That's what they didn't get from China. So I said, "It's all right, we're going to give you a subsidy of the same and we're going to take it out of the tariffs and we're going to have billions and billions of dollars left over." And they said, "Sir, we don't want money. We just want a level playing field." I've never seen that before. I've never seen that before. So we will have invested in our military, since I'm here, which is less than three years. Our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted. It was depleted. It was in bad shape. We had fighter jets that were 35 years old. We had planes that were 60 years… You heard where the father flew them, the grandfather flew them, and now the young son comes in. We've got the best equipment in the world now. Spent two and a half trillion dollars, made in the USA. Two and a half trillion. We will shortly. That'll be all finished. We're going to have the greatest… Now we have the best planes. We're going to have the best ships. We're building a lot of ships now. We're building the most powerful weapons in the world. Now, we don't want to even talk about it. We never want to use them. But you know, the way we're not going to have to use them is if we have them. We're building submarines, the power of which nobody's ever seen before. Nobody's ever seen before. It's funny, we have these companies come in. I like to make good deals. You like to make good deals. That's what we do, right? So these really countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes dictators, those we can't deal with too much. "Sir, we'd like to buy a nuclear submarine." I say, "No thanks." I turn them all down. You have no idea how many people… But we're building some of the… They're the most powerful weapons ever made by man or womankind. I say mankind and womankind. They can definitely fight. They're the real deal. These guys, so good looking. I said, "You could be a movie star. Go to Hollywood." "No sir. I like doing what I'm doing." So I said to these guys, you going to see, just like central casting, I said, I said, "Fellas, how good is this plane?" They said, "Sir, it's great." "Why?" "Because the enemy can't see it." That helps. Stealth. It's actually called super stealth. So I said, "You mean they can't see, so you shoot at them but they can't…" He said, "They have no idea where we are, sir." I said, "That sounds good to me." Nobody does it. Nobody can do it. We have the whole thing and we bought in a lot of those planes, we bought in a lot of great stuff. And I won't tell you the story, but very early on I thought we were going to have a problem someplace, and one of the generals came up to me and said, "Sir, don't go. Don't do it." "Why?" "We don't have the ammunition." And I said two things. I never want to hear a President. Right? We never want to have a President hear that again, nor do we want a President to have to go through the crap that we were going through back then. But, another thing we did, which to me is such an incredible thing to have done. It's such an honor. So our last US Armed Forces, the last branch was the Air Force, right? That was many, many decades ago. We are now building and we have now gotten funding for the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, The Space Force. So I'll be able to tell my kids someday and everybody else, "See that Space Force? That was my baby." And you think that was easy? That's not easy. Because you have Democrats that do not like our military. They do not like our military. And we did something yesterday, because for three years I would see people that run… Incredible people, the heads of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the country. And every year they'd come in and they'd be looking for help. They needed help and they do need help with it and it's great and they do an incredible job. So many great schools, but they need help. And every year they'd have to come and come. I got to know them actually. I said, "The only bad thing is you won't see me too much anymore." Because we just provided record funding for a nation's Historically Black Colleges and Universities. And it's longterm, they're not going to have to come. So I said, "Look, we could do it where we do it every year or we'll do what we have. What do you want?" They said, "Let us just have it." So we'll miss them. But they are great people. They've done an incredible job. And our extraordinary jobs boom, which created another 266,000 jobs last month, and then you add the undercount from the previous two months, you're close to 300,000 jobs. And they said, if you're a business watcher which I am, I love watching business, but they said they were guessing, could be 70,000, could be 80,000, maybe 90, maybe 110, somebody said. Then the number comes out, 266,000 with an adjustment. Remember about four months ago when we had one little period, right? We had one little period where there was a little downturn. They said, "Oh, Oh, we think we're going into a recession." I said, "Don't worry about it." "We think we're going into a recession." They were willing to lose their wealth. They were willing for this stocks and whatever the hell they own, what do you guys own back there? Let it go. They'll go bust. They don't care. Anything to get rid of us. Not me, us. And you know what? Then all of a sudden, and now for the last couple of weeks, we've set brand new records in the history of the various stock markets. So, as of yesterday, we've had 133 record days in the stock market now, and that's in less than three years. So when I see that I don't care because I don't… I'm not allowed to have stock. I can't have stock. They consider it a conflict of interest and that I can understand. I agree. I can. But you know what? I'll tell you what. What I see, I see tremendous job growth because we're setting records. But you know what I also see? The 401ks where people are up 90%, they're up 97%, they're up 82%. I tell you the story all the time. I mean, I have people coming up to me, and a man came up, a policeman. I've told this story, but I've had many, so many times, but this guy in particular, because it was early and that was a year ago. That was a long time ago. Right now it's much higher than that. But he said, "Sir, I want to thank you. My wife thinks I'm a loser. All my life, we never did well with the 401ks, with stocks. Everything I invested, I'm up 72%, sir. She thinks I'm a financial genius. She's so in love with me. She so in love." He said, "She said, ‘Darling, I think you're one of the greatest investors. Why don't you do this professionally?' And I don't even know what I'm doing, sir. I just have all these stocks." So I just wanted to tell you, I look at a 401k, who has 401ks here? So that's what I see. I don't care about the rich ones. I care about everybody. I care. I care about everybody actually. Ford motor company just announced that it is investing 1.5 billion dollars into auto factories in the Detroit area, creating another 3000 Michigan jobs. And that's on top of the many other investments we've gotten from Japanese companies, car companies, and other companies. But they're all coming in and a lot of them are coming to Michigan. And I say, "Hey, go to Michigan." Sometimes they'll go south and that's okay, whatever. I want them in this country. But ideally I want to fill them up. We're doing so well in Michigan with the auto companies. Now you're back. You're back. So, you're back. Very proud of you. Very proud of you. But while we're creating jobs, fighting for Michigan workers, and achieving numbers that you've never seen before, incredible victories for the American people are happening. The radical left in Congress is consumed with hatred and envy and rage. You see what's going on? I'll tell you, these people are crazy. You ever hear, "It's the economy, stupid." You know that was Clinton's saying. If you have a good economy. I have the greatest economy in the history of this country and nobody talks about it. Nobody talks about it. If you're a Democrat, they say, " Oh, it's the economy…" If the economy's any good. And let me just tell you a little secret. If crooked Hillary would've won, your economy would have crashed. You were going down. The regulations were taking it down. The taxes were taking it down, instead of being up 92% or whatever you're up, a lot, you would have been down, you would have been at less than half. It was crashing. For all those people that would say, "Oh, it's the Obama…" Let me tell you something. You were dying. And if you look at that first period of a couple of months, it was a disaster, but it was heading south. And as sure as you're standing, and I'm sorry we couldn't get you seats, we didn't have any room. And by the way, 20,000 people outside had to leave. You know? It's so cold outside we told them, "Don't worry about a screen, go home, go home and watch." But we had, this is about a 5,500 seat arena. And I said to my people, "Why so small?" Are we spoiled? I watch these guys come in like Biden, he has a big rally and they get 93 people show up. No, it's true. I don't understand it. And did you see the new polls from USA Today came out? I'm killing everybody. And they hate me. USA Today hates me. But there's a poll, we're beating everybody. But, so Biden has this rally, they've got 200 seats, but only a small number of people. So you know what they do? They set up a round table. So think of these people. They come in, they think they're going to listen to the speech, they end up sitting on a round table discussing… They must've been happy, right? We don't have enough room for round tables. I'm sorry folks. No, they set up a round table but I think we're doing great. And how do you beat what we've done? With the economy, with our great vets, with choice. You've finally got choice. They've been trying to get it for almost 50 years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. And these people back here? Your seat or stand is better. Right? But you know what? They're going to be much more famous because the cameras can't see you. They can only see them. And the other thing, the cameras, do you ever notice, I go to these stadiums, 25, 30,000 people. They never show the crowd. You know why? Because they don't want to have… If crazy Pocahontas, if crazy Pocahontas goes to the middle of Central Park or whatever. She's in Manhattan. You got me. And people, I mean, I could have, I could have Baron Trump go into Central Park and he'd get a crowd that would be just as… He's 13. He'd get a bigger crowd. But if she has the crowd, "Oh, these crowds are so big." I've had crowds over the last couple of weeks. We went to different Pennsylvania, Florida. But I mean thousands and thousands of people can't get into these NBA arenas, right? Big arenas. And we set records at everyone because we use the floor. Thank you. I appreciate it. But we use the floor, right? The basketball court. So we set records at every arena. They never even mention the crowds. They never mention the crowds. It's sort of amazing. You know what? I don't think we've ever had an empty seat from the time I came down the escalator. That's a long time ago. I don't think we've ever had an empty seat. Now what the crooked media does though, if you got like over here, look how packed it is and there's thousands outside, but I… "Please go home. You're going to catch pneumonia." But here's the thing. If this man and that beautiful woman happened to get up because they want to go to the bathroom, those cameras will turn to those two seats and they'll say "Trump wasn't able to fill up the arena." I always get nervous when I see some… I know they're coming back. Nobody ever leaves our speeches. Because is there a better place to be in the world than a Trump rally? But every time I see a man get up, I see a beautiful woman with a baby and they're getting up. The baby's going crazy and they're getting up. They're going to take it… But I know they're going to be right back. And I say, "Fill those two seats. I don't want them to see it." Because they'll say, "Couldn't fill up the arena." These are truly dishonest people. After three years of sinister witch hunts, hoaxes, scams, tonight the House Democrats are trying to nullify the ballots of tens of millions of patriotic Americans. Capped off with one of the greatest election evenings in history. Was that the greatest? Remember when they all said, remember when they all said, "No, no. You can't win Michigan. You can't." Then I went, I did one in Grand Rapids, right? Grand Rapids. We had 32,000 people that night. It was one o'clock in the morning. That means it was Election Day when I started speaking. Hillary, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and Bill Clinton, they did an emergency trip. They did an emergency trip to Michigan at six o'clock. They got here at prime time. They started to speak. She had 500 people. I got here at one o'clock in the morning the next day, which is now Election Day. How many people were there? 32,000 people outside, inside. It was the last speech of Michigan. And they say, "Well, sir, it's very hard to win Michigan." I said, "Why would it be hard?" Here's the beautiful thing. Everything I told you I've done, but much more so. I said I was going to bring car companies back. I said I was going to bring in… I just hope you people know that. I just hope you know it. But I'll never forget that night. And in all fairness to Bill Clinton, he used to be a friend of mine until I ran for office. I like him, I like him. But he told, you know the way they tried to shut him out, right? Because he's a pro. He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct. He doesn't need… Right? Because he's a pro. He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct. He doesn't need polling companies. Who the hell wants him? You know, if you want a polling company, pick up the newspaper. The problem is the newspaper polls are more fake than the news they write. They write fake polls. It's true, they write fake polls. You call them suppression polls. You read them and you get depressed, because it looks like you're doing badly. They do that. I think it's almost worse than what they write, and you can't get much worse than what they write. So what happens is Bill Clinton said to Crooked Hillary, his very dishonest wife, Crooked Hillary. Do you think he calls her Crooked Hillary? He might. Maybe he just calls her crooked? He said, "Crooked, I'm telling you. Crooked, I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan. I don't like what I'm seeing in Wisconsin." He said, "I took the trip to Wisconsin and I'll tell you what, they had those Trump/Pence signs all the way to the convention area, every lawn, every loan. I don't like Wisconsin." And then he said, "Oh, don't worry about it." What the hell does he know? They told him, "What do you know?" Remember, they shut him out at the … They didn't want him talking. He was right. I mean, I don't want to cause any problems in the family, but he was right. But he talked about Wisconsin. Then he talked about Michigan. He said, "Crooked, I'm telling you, Crooked, I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan. I was in Michigan and I'm telling you, they had those damn signs. I saw some houses where they had four of them on one lawn, and two of them on the car." And he said, "You horrible human being. You'd better start listening to me, because you're going to get your ass whooped? And you know what happened? You know what happened? She didn't listen, fortunately. And she didn't come to Michigan enough. And she didn't come to Wisconsin, I think at all, right? Because her polling data looked good. It looked good to me, too. Every time I went there with these crowds. So we won Wisconsin. We won Michigan and the great Ronna McDaniel … where is Ronna? Where is Ronna? Ronna, she was so horrible. I didn't know her, Ronna McDaniel, and she was so aggressive. She kept calling and said, "Could you please come out to Michigan?" I said, "Who the hell are you?" And I said, "What do you mean, another trip?" So anyway, I made, we had these big crowds. I made it again. Then finally I said, two weeks out, I said, "Ronna, no more. We're going to win it or we're not." "Okay." 00 in the evening for this final deal in Grand Rapids. "Sir, could you come to Michigan tonight?" And I thought, I was just about finished. I went to a last great state, and I said, "It's over." Now I sit back and I watch, and let's see what happens, right? But she said, "Could you come to Michigan?" I said, that is the most aggressive human being I've ever met. And we did it. And we won Michigan. And the word is that we're much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in Michigan. You better remember when you walk into … you know, it's November 3rd this time, November 3rd. By the way though, that evening, that incredible evening in November, one of the biggest nights in the history of television. You never hear them say it, so I might as well. That election … and my debates … you see their debates are dying. Who wants to watch Buttigieg, Buttigieg? Buttigieg! You know that you pronounce it they say … I heard some guy saying, "No, no, because it's an unpronounceable name." That's why they call him Mayor Pete, right? Mayor Pete. Mayor Pete. Mayor Pete! I've had you up to here, Mayor Pete. No, Buttigieg is leading. How does … no, you say it this way. You say it … they call him Mayor Pete, because nobody can pronounce his last name. That's the only … people think it says … by the way, you know what? I'm not going to say bad things about him. You know why? I'd love him to win. I thought I knocked off Pocahontas. I did it a year too early, a year too early. I give her credit, she then started to come back. I don't think she's going to make it though. She's gasping. She's gasping for air. But I saw them pronouncing Buttigieg, and they said, "Here's what you do, boot edge edge." Say, "Edge, like the edge of a building. Edge edge," Buttigieg. Alfred E. Newman. You got to be older to know what that means. But congressional Democrats are directly attacking 2.3 million Michigan voters who rose up in 2016, won the state, and now the Democrats are very upset. They want to get Michigan back. They just don't know how to do it, because they didn't do a thing for Michigan. They didn't do anything for Michigan. All they did was take away your companies and let them go to Mexico and other places. You know, I don't know if you know it, Mexico has 32% of your car business. You know that, right? Not because of me. They're not moving. But Mexico has … 32% of our car business moved to Mexico. Can you believe this? Before I got there, but that's what I used to talk about. I said, when I was honored that night, I said, "How do you let this happen? How do you let all these companies leave?" It used to go, … it's probably maybe the single biggest reason I ran for president. It might be the … and I had a lot of them. Immigration, I had a lot of them, but that may be the single biggest. With today's illegal unconstitutional and partisan impeachment, the do nothing Democrats, and they are do nothing … all they want to do is focus on this, what they could be doing … are declaring their deep hatred and disdain for the American voter. This lawless, partisan impeachment is a political suicide march for the Democrat Party. Have you seen my polls in the last four weeks? It's crazy. It's crazy. You know why? Because people, we have an election right down the road. I announced three months ago that I'm running, right? I'll give you a little clue. I announced because I figured once I announce, they'd never impeach, nobody would be so stupid. But they'd been trying to impeach me from day one. They've been trying to impeach me from before I ran, okay? Because if you remember when I ran, I went immediately to number one, never came off number one. We had center stage from day one in the debates. So we had, I don't know, 14, 15 debates. We had a total of 18, actually. People forgot there was one that they never talk about it, but that's okay. But we had 18 people, and I was center stage. And I said, "Wait a minute, this is no good." I want odd numbers, because of your center stage, if you have a 10 that means two people are in the middle. So I said, "Make it 11 or make it nine, or I'm not showing up." And generally they did it, because we were way ahead from the beginning. But I made a lot of great friends out of that group, and many of them are good friends today. Although you wouldn't know it based on the … they say that was the meanest … that was a pretty mean primary, you got to say. Wasn't that fun? I liked it. Through their depraved actions today, Crazy Nancy Pelosi's House Democrats have branded themselves with an eternal mark of shame, and it really is. It's a disgrace. Democrat lawmakers do not believe you have the right to select your own president. They think that the Washington swamp, which we believe it or not, it ain't easy, because they got so much stacked, including these guys. You know what? These guys are apart of the Democrat Party. They are a part of it. You might as well call them Democrats. You know, it's owned by Commicast. They're just as bad as CNN, or they're just as bad as MSNBC. And by the way, CNN and MSNBC, their ratings are down the tubes. It's great. I love it. I love it. But they think the Washington swamp should be able to veto the results of an election. That's what they think. There's never been a time like this. Think of it, you have the greatest economy in the history of the world. Other countries come to see me, all of their leaders, and they say, "Sir, " first thing, "Sir, congratulations on your economy. We're trying to do the same thing. Congratulations, sir." And these guys don't like talking about it. And if they do, they say, "Obama did it. Oh, Obama, Obama." Remember Obama said, "You will never be president. He will never be president?" Then remember he said, "I will consider it a personal front if you allow him to be president?" And then I became president. He wasn't so happy. And in all fairness, he campaigned harder than Crooked Hillary, because he had more strength. I mean, I go to these places, Secret Service, they take me. I haven't seen a lobby in three years. It's true. I go through basements. I pass compactor plants. I know more about compactors from this job. I don't see lobbies. I say "Fellows, you think you could ever maybe take me through a lobby?" "No, sir." But I'll tell you what. I go upstairs, downstairs, all around. They're taking me up three flights, go down one. I said, "Are we almost there?" "Yes, sir, another four flights." And I say, "You think Hillary could do this? I don't think so." They'd bring her back home. She wants to go to sleep. And now I hear she wants to run again. Wouldn't that be great? Oh. Thank you. Thank you. Oh would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? Wait until that happens. Wouldn't that be … Oh, there's my guy. Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up. Well look, based on the FBI report, you just saw what happened with the IG, where they came out with the FBI. Based on that, you know what? I never stopped you. But now, think of what they did. Think of what they did. Think of how dishonest it all was. They shouldn't even be allowed to have an impeachment, because it was based on dishonesty. It was based on illegality. She went out, and they paid for a fake dossier. They gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier, totally disproven, totally fake. The FBI then took that fake dossier and they used it in the FISA Court to get approval to spy on my campaign. And if we were Democrats, they would've been in jail two years ago. It's a disgrace. Think of what they did. So they use this fake dossier, and they brought it before this big deal court. It's a big deal, the FISA Court. And they said this stuff, and they lied about it, because Comey, who's another beauty … did I do a great job when I fired his ass? What a great job. Oh no, they had bad plans. No, I did a great thing. That was like throwing a rock at a hornet's nest. Did that place explode? And then we learned about Lisa Page, and her wonderful lover, Peter Strzok. I love you Lisa. I love you more than anybody in the world. I love you more than anybody in the world. It causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that. Those tapes didn't work well. No, how about those statements, right? And then they say, "In all fairness," … I really liked the report, but how does the Inspector General say … because don't forget, he was appointed by Obama. So I'm not knocking him because he gave us a lot of nuggets, but we had a lot of those nuggets. How does the Inspector General say, "You have these horrible … he's going to lose. Isn't he? He's going to lose, or she's going to win 100 million." Did you see all the zeros? It was like … I'm blinking. I says, "I think it's 100." "He's going to lose 100 to one. Isn't he Peter? I love you so much, Peter. I've never loved anyone like you. He's going to lose 100 million to one, Peter, right?" "That's right. He's going to lose 100 million to one." But there's no bias. How about the insurance policy? To me, the greatest. Just in case she loses, we have an insurance policy! We're in the insurance policy right now folks! We've been in it for three years, that's what they meant. I mean the insurance policy is on an artificial respirator, because we're doing awfully well. And I'll tell you something, Rush Limbaugh said it. Sean Hannity said it. Laura Ingram said it. Tucker said it. Ainsley said it, but a lot of people have said it. They said, "There's nobody in the world that could have handled that stuff that happened, and still created one of the greatest economies, and done more than any other president ever before in the first three years." I understand that. I understand that, but it's my life, very unfair to my family. I have to say this very, very unfair to my family. What they put my family through is a disgrace. Me, it's my life. It's fine. I do. But you know what? What they put my family through is a disgrace, and they ought to be ashamed, and we should get apologies all over the place. So yesterday I sent Pelosi a letter denouncing and condemning her party's outrageous abusive power. That's what it is. They have nothing. They're the ones that should be impeached, every one of them. I mean you got this guy, Schiff. He makes up a statement, and he goes in front of Congress where he has immunity, and he makes up a statement from me that's totally fictitious, totally out of thin air. The worst statement I've ever heard. Many people saw it. I had a person two weeks ago that said, "I didn't love the statement you made. I said, "Really? Didn't you read the transcripts?" I always say, "Read the transcript. But didn't you read it" "No, no. I heard it on television. I watched Adam Schiff." He made it up. I then sent him the transcript. He said, "Oh, now I feel better. That's perfect." I call it perfect. He called it perfect. Everyone calls it, if you read it. But here's the thing. He makes up this statement, and it finished. Didn't he have eight quid pro quos? Eight. Could you imagine, you're dealing with a country, and you say eight times that you've got to do something. The first time they say, "Well." The second time they say, "That's strange." Third time they say, "What's wrong?" You said eight times? Eight times. They'd have you arrested. They'd have you put into an insane asylum. But he actually said … I think he said eight, not seven, eight. And then he finished with, "Don't call me, I'll call you." Can you imagine? The President of the United States, "Don't call me, I'll call you." You know what that is? That's a mafia statement, okay? That's the head of the mafia saying, "Don't call me." This guy actually said that, and then he walked away and people became incensed, because they knew that wasn't the people that read the thing. Most people believed him. He's a liar! Because you know, he's a corrupt politician, 100%. No, he's a corrupt … and then I see him. By the way, you ever see this guy? He walks up to the mics. I mean, we're not … all fairness, look, I don't want to be … because with Me Too, I never even think about looks anymore, okay? I don't talk about looks of a male or a female, but in his case, let's just say … the last time I'll ever refer to this. He's not exactly the best looking guy we've ever seen. No, any mic. He walks up to the mic, and he's so just, "This is a sad, sad day for America. Our president is an employee of Russia. I have absolute proof that the president," this is at the beginning, and every week they'd say, "Where's the proof?" "It's coming. It's coming." Then we get the Mueller report, nothing. And I'll tell you what, I know some of the people in this audience. If I spent not $45 million, not 18 Trump haters, I call them the angry Democrats. It was 13, then it went to 18, and then Mueller. Did Muller do a good job? Did he do a good job? No! Boo! How was his performance in front of Congress? Boo! Not the best, but think of this, $45 million they spent. And you know, I heard somebody say, "Well, we got back some of that money." Let me tell you, you cost this country billions, and billions, and billions of dollars in all of the things that didn't get done, in all of the embarrassment to our country. You caused billions and billions of dollars, and it was a hoax. But this guy, Schiff, "I have absolute proof. I have this. I have that, this, that." Anytime he sees a camera and he's stone faced, stone faced. He's a pathological liar. He gets up, and I've never seen anything like it. Even I was saying, "I wonder what he has. What does he have?" He says, "I have absolute," I said, "I haven't spoken to Russia in year. What the hell do I have to do with Russia?" But this guy gets up … oh, I think we have a vote coming in. Haleigh! Wow! Thank you, Haleigh, great job. Wow. The Republican party has never been so affronted, but they've never been so united as they are right now, ever, never. And I know the senators, and they're great guys, and women too. We have some great women. We have great guys. They're great people. They love this country. They're going to do the right thing. They're going to do the right thing. So I said in my letter to Pelosi … I love that. You know, usually there's one, two. The Republicans, look, I've said it for a long time. The Democrats are lousy politicians, they really are. They've got horrible policies, open borders, crime is fine, drugs pouring through. I mean, think of what they do. Sanctuary cities, they love sanctuary cities. They're lousy politicians, but they have one thing … two things. They are vicious. They're the most vicious people. The Republicans aren't as vicious. They may learn to be vicious after going through this, though. But the other thing, the Democrats always stick together. Now think of it, three Democrats went over to our side, no Republicans. It's unheard of. And by the way, this is for a hundred years. I'm not just talking about this little point in time. The Republicans are known as, it's always harder to stick together. These people are great. We have a great Republican Party, and we have to get that change. We have to take back the house. You'll have the greatest healthcare ever if we take … and by the way, we had another victory. The individual mandate, just a little while ago, it came over the wires, it was just upheld. The individual mandate is now gone. The most unpopular part of Obamacare. It was just upheld. So I said in my letter to Pelosi, "By proceeding with your invalid impeachment, you're violating your oath of office. You're breaking your allegiance to the Constitution. You're declaring open war on American democracy. You dare to invoke the founding fathers in pursuit of this election nullification scheme, yet your spiteful actions display unfettered contempt for America's founding, and your egregious conduct." And listen though, it's so true, it threatens to destroy what our founders pledged, and in fact their very lives to build. "You are the ones interfering in America's elections. You are the one subverting America's democracy. We did nothing wrong, nothing whatsoever. This was just an excuse. You are the ones that are obstructing justice. You are the ones bringing pain and suffering to our republic for your own selfish, personal, political and partisan gain." They're bringing pain. The work we could be doing on lowering drug prices, on getting rid of these horrible, horrible situations. You know in the border … the woman is okay? Is she okay? Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. I mean, some of these people are waiting here for three days, right? Thank you. They'll come back. Come back. Merry Christmas! Thank you. Merry Christmas is true. But what they've done with this perversion, it's perversion. And when you watch some of these people get up and speak today, they don't even … "You have violated the Constitution." "Well, what does he done wrong?" "Well, we don't know that." They don't even have any crime. This is the first impeachment where there's no crime. I say, "Tell me what I did, please." "Well, we don't know. You violated the Constitution." You had Turley, who's smart, Alan Dershowitz, these guys. All of them, they said, "There's no crime. There's no crime," right? There's no crime! There's no crime! I'm the first person that ever get impeached, and there's no crime. I feel guilty. You know what they call it? Impeachment light. It's impeachment light. That's why, with Richard Nixon, I just see it as a very dark era, very dark, very … oh, you don't even like to think. I don't know about you, but I'm having a good time, it's crazy. But I also know we have a great group of people behind us in the Republican Party, we really do. Maybe I wouldn't feel the same way, but we have a great group of people behind us. We had in the House, and we have it in the Senate. They're doing a great job, so I'm not worried. I'm not worried, because it's always good when you don't do anything wrong, you get impeached. That may be a record that will last forever. But you know what they have done? They've cheapened the impeachment process. And now anybody that become … this is a sacred position. Anybody that becomes president, I mean, they could have a phone call and they get impeached. So if the Republicans … if you had a Democrat as president, we have a Republican house, they don't like the guy for whatever reason, or the woman, they impeach the person. It's cheapened it. It's exactly what our founding fathers didn't want, and they said it could happen, and it's happened. But I know one thing, Americans will show up by the tens of millions next year to vote Pelosi the hell out of office. But it's so disappointing. I see a woman, Carolyn Maloney. She's a long time, nothing much, believe me. She's a Congresswoman from Manhattan, the east side. I was with her. Her first race, I helped her. She was always so nice, "Oh, thank you, thank you." I made lots of contributions over the years. In New York, if you're not a … it's purely Democrat, especially in Manhattan. So what happens? I make lots of contributions for years, and years, and years. I go run. The first person I see, Carolyn Maloney. I raise my hand to impeach. Well, give me back the damn money that I've been paying her for so many years. Let her pay me back all the money. Let her pay me back all the money. Then you have this Dingell. Dingell, you know Dingell, from Michigan. You know Dingell? You ever hear of her, Michigan? Debbie Dingell, that's a real beauty. So she calls me up like eight months ago. Her husband was here a long time, but I didn't give him the B treatment. I didn't give him the C or the D. I could've. Nobody what is, you know? I gave the A+ treatment. "Take down the flags." "While you're taking them down for ex-Congressman Dingell …" "Oh, okay?" " … do this, do that, do that, rotunda everything." I gave him everything. That's okay. I don't want anything for it. I don't need anything for anything. She calls me up. "It's the nicest thing that's ever happened. Thank you so much. John would be so thrilled. He's looking down. He'd be so thrilled. Thank you so much, sir." I said, "That's okay, don't worry about it." Maybe he's looking up? I don't know. I don't know. Maybe, maybe. But let's assume he's looking down. But I gave him A+, not A, not B+, not B. I gave him the A+, and she called me. She said, "Oh, no." I won't go into the conversation, because it's not fair do that. But all I want to say is, let's put it this way, it was the most profuse thank you that you could ever get on a scale of zero to 10, it was a 10. Okay, so that was what? February or something. Now they talk about this phony impeachment, and she's out there, "Well, we have to look seriously at our president, because he may have violated the Constitution of the United States." Boo! "And I can't be happy with that, because I love our country. I love this, and I love that." She loves everything. I said, "She's a no," okay? No, but I look at her, and she's so sincere, and what happens? "I vote to impeach Trump." And you know what? I didn't say, "Who the hell knew this was even going to come up?" I went through the whole Muller hoax. They did this big report. I was totally exonerated. They didn't even bring it up at the impeachment, because I was totally exonerated. If they saw one little kernel, one little quarter of a sentence … look what they did with one word. Remember this, what did I do? Why did I do? It's us. But they don't say it that way. They say, "I." They read it totally different, schiff and his band of thieves, they read it. Now I say basically, very simple, do us a favor, our country. Do us! Do us! Not me! Our country! And then what do I say? I say, "The United States Attorney General, Attorney General of the United States could speak to you, it would be great," okay? Because it's known for major corruption. In fact, the new leader of Ukraine got in on a construction … on a platform where he looks for all of the problems of dishonesty, and everything that was going on in Ukraine, right? He looked for it, that's how he got into office. He got into office that way. So we take it and they repeat it a thousand times, and they never say with the right … so I go wild, and we start. And the Republicans have got it right. Now we always correct him, but I use the word us. Us is the United States, our country. And then it actually says, I think, "Comma, country," but they don't say that. They say, "Do me a favor." How many times have you heard it? Where they say in a speech? "And then the president said, do me a favor." Well, that's not what I said. I said, "Do us a favor, our country." And then I said, the Attorney General of the United States, I didn't say my campaign- I said the Attorney General of the United States, I didn't say my campaign manager. Okay? I said the attorney … And these people want to impeach the President of the United States for that? Oh, and then what happened? Right? Then what happened? So then, the President of Ukraine, who's a quality person, said there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. That was a killer for the Democrats, right? Then his foreign minister said the same thing. He said there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. There was no pressure. That's a killer. So now did you see what the Democrats did a couple of days ago? They tried to say that he's not a strong person, that he was weak. They used the word weak, that he was weak, and under the power of Trump, he said. Do you know how insulting that is? Anybody that becomes president of a country, and that's a big country and it's a tough country, you got to be tough. He's tough. But so what they're saying now is he was weak because the wording, it just doesn't fit. Okay? These are really dishonest people. And if the press was fair, this thing never would have happened. So the House Democrats are surrendering their majority, their dignity, their reputations. They look like a bunch of fools. And I'll tell you, we have a lot of new stars in the Republican Party, I could read off a list of 20 names. But they're giving up their honor, and they'll receive a big backlash at the box office. When you take a look, that ballot box, that ballot box on November 3rd, I think we're going to have crowds like we've never had. And I'll tell you something, it used to be, they'd always say, "Oh, the Republicans." You know, in 2018, I didn't run. I didn't run, right? They all said, "Oh, we didn't." Well actually, we picked up two seats in the Senate that these guys never talk about. We just approved 171 federal court justices, 171 federal justices, including courts of appeal, 171. We'll be up, probably by the end of the year, to 182, and for that, I thank President Obama. He gave me 142 openings. He gave me 142. I said to him, my people, I got there, because they say the most important thing you could do as a president is judges and Supreme Court. We have two great Supreme Court judges. Right? Two Justices of the Supreme court, Kavanaugh, Gorsuch. Two great men. They're great. And how about the pain that they put Justice Kavanaugh through, right? Over a phony deal, I hate to tell you. Over a phony deal. What a disgrace, what they put that man through and that family through. Just remember it come November. You got to remember, it's a long time. You know, in the life of Trump, 10 months is an eternity. It's a long time. Somebody said, "Congratulations sir, you're going to win." I said, "Don't say that. Just don't talk about it. Let's always pretend you're one point down." Like last time. Going to be close. Nope, it's going to be close. But what they put that man through was horrible, what they put his family through was horrible. And you know, those stories largely have been recanted. And frankly, the ones that didn't recant, I don't know what a Supreme Court judge does, but he should sue them. He should sue them. So we want to take back the House, we'll hold the Senate, and we'll keep the White House. You will have the greatest healthcare. You will continue with the greatest judges. You know, we have judges that are … We just had a great story in the Wall Street Journal. I have to be always very truthful, because if I'm a little bit off, they call me a liar. They'll say, "He gets a Pinocchio," the stupid Washington Post, they have Pinocchio. I mean, even if you're saying things perfectly, it's a Pinocchio. There's nothing you can say where you don't get a Pinocchio. But what happens, what happens is we have Wall Street Journal the other day got the best story. They said, "Whether you like him or not, the job he's done on judges and Supreme Court Justices, but the job he's done on judges is amazing. Say it's the most important thing. See, I don't agree. I say defense is the most, the military is the most. But once you're beyond the military, I mean to me defense is the most important. Because without good defense, maybe we don't need judges so much, right? It's like somebody said, "Well, we violated the budget." I said, "Do me a favor, don't worry about the budget. If we're attacked and aren't doing very well and somebody says, ‘Well, at least we have a good budget,' that doesn't work too well." Right? That doesn't work. So we have great military, we have great judges, we have great everything. Drug prices down. For the first time in 51 years, drug prices came down. And that was with no help from the Democrats. If they helped, because you need their votes, if they helped, I could get those drug prices down 40 and 50%. Okay? And we just approved, and we're approving very soon for the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, where he can buy, he has the right to go, we're giving him the right to go and buy from a foreign country, where the prices for the identical drug, identical drug are 50% less. He's going to do that for the people of Florida. And we're going to do that for your governors if they want to do that. We'll get that down so far. Everyone in America can see straight through the Washington Democrats' phony, dangerous charade. Schiff makes up so many things. Pelosi makes it up, and she backs him up. I saw her on a television show, and George Stephanopoulos, that's another beauty, he said, even he said, he was defending me. I couldn't believe it. He made this statement, "But you know he lied on that. He made up this stuff." "No, he didn't, he didn't." So that means Nancy Pelosi said no, the statement that he made up. But it's all going to end soon, and it's going to come out to a beautiful, great victory for the Republican Party and for this nation. Thank you very much. So that's it. We have the greatest country. We've turned around a ship. We need four more years. If we don't have it … Now, if you want to drive them crazy, we had one group in Pennsylvania, some guy started screaming, " 16 more years." 16. They went crazy. And you know what they don't understand? When I do get out, they're all going to go out of business. They're making more money than they've ever made. That crazy New York Times, one of the worst newspapers in the world, one of the most dishonest newspapers in the history of the world, totally phony. They came out with a story, where it was a great headline for me, and the people that read it, the super radical left, they called and complained so much that they changed the headline and took it from positive to negative on a good story. Can you believe it? No, they're among the most dishonest people. But I'll never forget, before I took that great escalator ride down with our First Lady … Our First Lady is doing a great job, great job. I said, "First Lady, you're so lucky I took you on this journey, this wonderful, beautiful journey." And it is. You know why it's a wonderful, beautiful journey? Because look at, what we're accomplishing is unbelievable. It's unprecedented. It is unprecedented what we're accomplishing. "You're so lucky," I said it to all my people. I have great people in the back. I say, "You folks are so lucky I took you on this. You could be home right now, relaxing." But I'd rather be here, frankly, than any place. These rallies are great. They're inspiring. You are inspiring. And you know, it's funny, we're not even into election season. Yeah, it's a long way away. We're not even in it. And yet, I think the enthusiasm right now is greater than it was even before the 2016 election. Does that make any sense? I think a lot of it has to do with a witch hunt. A lot of it has to do with the phony, witch hunt because you're smart people. You're the elite. They're not the elite. You're the elite. You're the elite. You do better than they do. They talk about it, don't you hate it? "Well, the elite … " Oh really? I went to better schools. Many of you went to better schools. We won't talk about homes, even though your homes are nicer. We won't talk about jobs. You see the jobs reports? You see what's happening? Do you see where wages are going up? You know, when I first started, when I was here, one of my first speeches, I was talking that people made more money, that was four years ago, so it was 20 years before that, so that's 24, 25 years ago. They made more money 24 years ago than they were making when I got elected president. And they worked one job versus two or three jobs. Now it's going up beautifully and we want that, the salaries. And you know, the number one group of people that are going up is the blue collar worker. It's percentage, the best. The blue collar worker. They had two and three jobs. The blue collar worker is going up the most. Anyway, so you know what else? The thing I'm happiest about, African American unemployment, the lowest in the history of our country. African American. Remember I used to say, you remember, look at, you. Are you the greatest guy? Everyone thinks, do I pay? I'm telling you, I have a group of African American guys, and gals by the way, that follow me around and they think I pay them, and I don't. I love them, they love me. They come. How many rallies have you come to? A lot. They're great people, just great. Thank you. I don't even know who the hell he is. Is that right? I don't know him, but I like him. I see him at so many rallies. I appreciate it. You and your group, they're great people. Thank you. So you're obviously doing well if you can travel around like that, right? Ah, he knows. I appreciate it, I really do. I think it's fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. But think of this, African-American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in the history of our country. Their poverty levels, they had a horrible poverty level, in the negative sense, now their poverty levels are the best they've ever been in the history of our country. Same with Hispanic Americans, the best unemployment numbers and employment numbers. And the same with Asians, the best unemployment. And women, I'm sorry, 71 years, best in 71 years. I've let the women down! But I think within another couple of months, you'll be historical. So only 71 years best. The best in 71 years. But what we're doing has been an incredible thing. It's an incredible thing. When I'm on the debate stage with one of these characters, and they try and say negative stuff, I'll just say, "Well, here's the story. In the history of our country, this group is doing the best, and that group is doing the best, and the women are doing the best, and everybody's doing. And frankly, you know what it is? The whole country's doing the best. Okay? The whole country is doing the best." So we have records and everything, and yet they're trying to, and they really are, I've never seen anything like it, they're accusing me, really, of doing what Joe Biden … Biden admitted what he did. How about this? They protect him. Did you see the crummy debate? Those debates are so boring. They're dying in the ratings. They're dying, they're dying. " While it's totally unsupported!" What's unsupported? He's on tape saying that he's holding back $1 billion from Ukraine unless you change the prosecutor. How about that question? I won't say who answered, because you know I'm not, I actually used to like the guy, he was a nice guy to me, but now I don't like him so much, but that's okay. But he goes, "While it's totally unsubstantiated, and while we beg your mercy that we're asking you even to bring up this question, but President Trump said you refused to give $1 billion of taxpayer money to Ukraine unless they get the prosecutor to stop looking at your son and your son's company." And Sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer, and that's the end of it. That's it. Then whenever I bring it up, do you ever notice they always use, " While these charges are totally unsubstantiated"? He's on tape! If that were me, it's the electric chair. They would bring the electric chair back. No, the guy's on tape, and they always say it's unsubstantiated. "It is not supported by fact," one of them the other day, they finally changed the word. "It is supported by fact." No, it's supported by tape. No, it's unbelievable. In many ways, I'd like to have him win because number one, he's going to have to eventually answer that question, and number … She said he doesn't know where he is. That's the other problem. Now, I've been doing this for a long time, and I have much bigger crowds than anybody's ever had in history. By the way, do you know what? I say it against the fake news, because you know what they're going to say. Every stadium is packed. I give my people one instruction, get the largest stadium you can get. Now, that's why I was a little surprised. But in Battle Creek, you don't have that many, right? Not too many stadiums. But I wanted to be here. You know why I wanted to be here? First of all the crowd is incredible. The crowd outside. But let me tell you. No, you know why I wanted to be here? Because we have a lot of choices, but I wanted to be here because this area supported me so overwhelmingly, and I said, "I want to be there." Pretty simple, pretty simple. Pretty simple. I wanted to be here for that reason, and I just want to say thank you, because I'll tell you what, you came in … I don't know, I didn't get 100%, but we got a damn good percentage, right? We got a damn good percentage. So it's really thrilling to be here. But we're joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders. Your Michigan House Speaker, Lee Chatfield. Where's Lee? Lee, come up if you want. Come on, what the hell, we have nothing else to do. Should we get him up? Yes. Come up Lee, come up Lee, get up here. Come on up, Lee. Republican Party Chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel, who I spoke to. And the bottom line on the end of her story, so when I won I said, "Who's going to head up the RNC?" I said, "I got to get that woman from Michigan." Remember they were all saying, "You can't win Michigan"? Now we're going to win it by so much, you better remember all those. Every time a car plant opens, please think about Trump. Come on up here, Lee. Michigan GOP Chairwoman, Laura Cox. Thank you. Hate to tell you, but all your congressmen, you know where they are right now. Your congressmen, all of your Congresspeople, men, wonderful people, they're at a place called Congress right now. They're doing an unbelievable job of supporting your President and supporting you. They had a choice, "Sir, should we leave and be there?" I said, "Don't leave. Stay right where you are." That's why we got that vote. That's some vote, right Lee? The Chairman of the Woman's Workers and Workers for Trump, and a proud union autoworker, Terry Bowman, who's been so terrific. Thank you, Terry. Come on up. And while Democrats are obsessed with impeachment, we're focused on jobs, jobs, jobs. This group, local leaders. And all your Washington folks, they are right where they have to be in Washington tonight. Thank you. Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much. We've eliminated more job-killing regulations than any administration in the history of our country, whether it's four years or eight years, or in one case, much more than eight years. In a period of two and a half years, we have eliminated more regulations than any other president, by far. You're saving almost $3,000 a year because of regulation cuts. Total income gains for median households will reach $10,000 a family. I'll give you a couple of quick numbers. So under President Bush, for eight years, you saved $450, meaning you took in 450 bucks. Okay, fine. Under President Obama, you took in $975. Under President Trump, including the energy savings, and the regulation savings, and the tax cut savings, it's more than $10,000 in less than three years. Pretty good, right? So for two eight-years, you had a 400, 450, and a 975. That's eight years. 450. In less than three years, you had more than $10,000. That goes right into your pockets. It's one of the reasons our economy is doing well, because, as they say, the consumer is doing better than they've ever done. And that's great, that's what we wanted. We've ended the war on American energy, and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas on planet earth. And these maniacs want to close it up. How about going to Texas? You know Beto? What? Remember what he said, I said, "Oh, this guy's a loser. You know a salesman, like if you're a great salesman, you never talk that you're a great salesman. You don't walk in and say, "Well, I'm a great salesman. I can sell … " Any guy that does that, they're no good. It's those quiet type that get you. You know, the ones that don't talk. So Beto, when he first got in, remember this clown? He gets in, no, no, he gets in. "I was made for this job, to run for president." After about two weeks, they killed him. He was gone. But you remember, he was against the Bible, he was against religion, he was against guns, and he was against oil and gas. And he comes from Texas. I said, that's a platform. Think of it. He's against religion, he's against guns, and against oil and gas. Think of it. I don't like to bring it up because he's gone zone, but he comes from Texas. I said, "Abraham Lincoln can't win in Texas with that platform." But they are, all of them, they want to close up your energy. It's a big deal. They want to close up your steel mills. They don't want your steel mills. Look at what I've done for steel. I mean, the steel is back. We taxed all of the dump steel coming in from China and other places, and your steel mills that are doing great, they're expanding all over the country. And they were going to be out of business within two years. The way they were going, they were gone. United States Steel is spending now billions of dollars on expansions. Every major Democrat running for president has pledged to eliminate gas powered automobiles and destroy the U.S. auto industry forever. And you know why? Because they have these maniacs that say you got to go all electric. I want to have an alternative, a big alternative. You're going to always have the alternative. And a lot of people don't know of the electric can ever catch the gas, you know? And by the way, there'll be different forms of energy coming along. But they want to close them up, and we're not closing them up. We're going to have lots of alternatives so that you can have it from a pricing, you can have it for a lot of different reasons. We're even bringing back the old light bulb. You heard about that, right? The old light bulb, which is better. I say, "Why do I always look so orange?" You know why? Because of the new light, they're terrible. You look terrible. They cost you many, many times more, like four or five times more. And you know they're considered hazardous waste. When a light bulb is out, you've got to bring it to a dump. So let's say, over here in Battle Creek, where's your nearest dump? Okay, that's what, a couple of hundred miles away. So every time you lose … drive a couple of hundred miles, right? I said, "How many people do that?" Nobody. What do they do? They throw it in the garbage. But you know what it is, because it's all gas. It's much more expensive, four or five times more. And I came into office, I did a lot of this. Sinks, showers, all of this stuff, I did a lot of it. No water comes out. You have areas where there's so much water, you don't know what to do with it. You turn on the shower, you're not allowed to have any water anymore. I mean, we do a lot of it. Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it. Remember the dishwasher, you'd press it, boom, there'd be like an explosion, five minutes later you open it up, the steam pours out, the dishes. Now you press it 12 times, the women tell me, "Again." You know, they give you four drops of water, and they're in places where there's so much water, they don't know what to do with it. So we just came out with a reg on dishwashers. We're going back to the old. By the way, by the time they press it 10 times, you spend more on water, and electric. Don't forget, the whole thing is worse because you're spending all that money on electric. So we're bringing back standards that are great, and better machinery that you can have the water again, right? But with the light bulb, I said, "What's going on with the light bulbs? A lot of people are complaining about the cost." So I had a couple of experts come in, I said, "Tell me, what gives a better light?" "Well, we liked the old light bulb better." I said, "I like it better." And so what I did is you can have either one. If you want to buy the newer kind, you can. And if you want to look very handsome or beautiful by buying the older kind, like I do. So we're bringing back the old light bulb. So it's a much less expensive, it probably gives a better light. But whatever it is, and you'll be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb. I mean, it sounds like little, but it's big stuff. Okay? It's big stuff, and we're doing it with a lot of other things, our dishwashers. And you know, I won't tell you one of the things, because every time I tell you, they do a big number on it. You know the one I'm talking about, right? Sinks, right? Showers. And what goes with a sink and a shower? 10 times, right? 10 times. Not me, of course, not me, but you, him. But I never mention that, because one time I mentioned all three, I said, "Sinks, showers, and toilets." The headline was, "Trump with the toilets, toilets." That's all they want. They don't even mention it. So I didn't mention that, okay? I go off the record. But you know what? It's terrible. You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out. So you leave the water going 10 times as long, it's the same thing. You have a shower, drip. It's no good for me. For me. You know the one thing that came out really good about being in this business? They always used to say I wore a hairpiece. It's okay. I know people wear hairpieces. But they always used to say. They don't say that anymore because I have been through the worst storms. If you wear one of those suckers, you got to give it up fast because within two weeks they got you. You look handsome, don't worry about it. But in the last two decades before my election, we lost one in five auto manufacturing jobs in this country. The people are trying to impeach us for doing all of the things that they've wanted to do for so many years. And that's why it doesn't work. We look so forward to taking it on, and it is all about cleaning the swamp, draining the swamp, and we have a very, very big, bad, dangerous swamp. Okay, that's enough of that. That's enough. So among the very first acts that I did was to stop the deal that would have dealt a death blow to the U.S. auto industry. I withdrew from the horrible Trans Pacific Partnership. That would have ended your auto industry. A lot of people don't know that, but I do. Remember TPP? We were basically ceding our auto industry to these countries that were just going to rip us off. The people that made these trade deals, it's like, where do they come? Like the one in Korea, that was a Hillary Clinton special. She said, "This will produce 250,000 new jobs." And I said, "Well, what happened?" He said, "Well, she was right." Except it was for South Korea, not for us. No, it's true. It produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea. These deals were so bad. But now they're getting really good, and some of them are getting great, and over a period of time they are going to be phenomenal. Wait till you see the numbers that start coming out of this country over a short period of time. But we have to go through a little pain, because we have to do it, and then they all say, "We're going to withdraw," and then I say, "You can withdraw, I don't care. We're putting tariffs on your country." Then they say, "We'd love to make a deal, sir." The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan where they belong. Since the election, we've created 41,000 brand new motor vehicle and parts jobs, manufacturing jobs. Remember the statement by President Obama? "You'd have to wave a magic wand." Remember the magic wand? Because manufacturing … And I said, "You know, that sounds strange. What do you do if you don't have manufacturing? How do you make things?" Right? Manufacturing jobs won't happen. Well, we've got 600,000 manufacturing jobs, and you're going to see a big, big increase. The truth is, we need more people. You know what? We need more people. We need more people coming into the country, and they're going to come in, and they're going to come in through merit, and they're going to love our country, and they're going to respect our country, and they're going to work. We do need more people. They're opening these massive, Foxconn in Wisconsin, they're opening these massive plants and it's hard to get people. We want people coming in, but they have to come in, only they have to come in through merit. Fiat-Chrysler recently announced a $4.5 billion investment in Michigan, including the first new auto plant in Detroit in more than a generation. And General Motors recently announced a $300 million investment at its Orion Assembly Plant right here in Michigan. Come on, General Motors, let's go. General Motors gave us a little hard time with one building. I wasn't happy about that. That was the only building I had a problem within the whole car industry, right? Right? You know the one I'm talking about. I didn't like that. Anyway, but they're spending money, you know, what can I tell you? But these companies are coming in, a lot of the foreign companies are coming because they have to. I say, "You have to, or we're not trading with you anymore." Because we had such big deficits with these countries. With Japan, we had a $68 billion deficit. I said, Shinzo, he's great Prime Minister of Japan. But he said, "But nobody has ever asked us to do this." I said, "I'm asking you." They are building many, many plants. They're building many plants now in the United States, the Japanese. And after years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Is that okay? We were surrounded with globalists. You know, they think it's okay. You open a plant in some country that you never heard of, they make your product, they send it. In the meantime, they close all their factories here. We're not doing that anymore. Those are globalists. They think it's wonderful to have deficits. I don't. They think it's great. It's a great thing to have deficits. No, those are globalists. The globalists are passe.  our first duty and our one true allegiance is to you, the American people, before anybody else. We must care for our own- We must care for our own citizens first Democrat immigration policies are resulting in brutal assaults and wicked murders against innocent Americans. I don't even know what's happening. It's terrible. And we've moved out thousands and thousands of MS13 thugs out of our country. And we have agreements now with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador. They didn't use to take them back. If we had a murderer, then we should get them the hell out. We don't really want them in our prisons and take care of them for 50, 60 years. We want to bring them back. They wouldn't take them. The planes used to go around and around, don't land, don't land. With us, they land. We worked out deals with every one of them. We stopped giving them all the aid. We're giving them all this money and then they said, "We're not going to let you land. We're not going to let you take them back." I said, "That's okay. 500 million, we were giving them. I said, now we give them $5 we give them nothing. All of a sudden they said, "We would love to have them back." We would love it. It's wonderful to have them back. In June, two illegal aliens in Sandusky, Michigan were convicted of sadistically beating and stabbing a woman to death with a kitchen knife. Then, they hid her body in a water drain. A criminal alien with two previous deportations was just arrested in Michigan and convicted of brutally beating and strangling to death, a single mother of five young children. It's happening all the time. Far left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities, which deliberately release dangerous, violent criminal aliens out of the jails and directly onto your streets. We had a great election in North Carolina recently, two great congressmen got elected, you don't hear about it, when they win, you don't ever hear about it, just a few months ago. Two great people and they got elected and they got elected because I went in and said, "Talk about the fact that you have sanctuary cities" and they had some horrible crimes happening from those sanctuary cities. Soon as I mentioned that, boom, they went up like rocket ships and they won their elections and it was great. Great thing. The sanctuary cities are a disaster and let me tell you, the people of California, they don't like sanctuary cities either. They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians. Earlier this year, authorities in the sanctuary jurisdiction of Kent County, Michigan, anybody know Kent County? Released an illegal alien charged with assault with intent to murder after he repeatedly and viciously stabbed a man in the head with a broken bottle. They let him go to roam free in Michigan communities. If you want to end sanctuary cities in Michigan, if you want to protect your families from criminal aliens, if you want to have a safe life, frankly, it's so crazy what they're doing. You wouldn't even believe it. You have only one choice in 2020, you must vote Republican. Thank you. I'm surprised. As you know, you do have sanctuary cities in Michigan. I was almost surprised to hear it, but you have them. It's one of those progressive things? They think they're doing a wonderful favor for the world. And now we're getting these prosecutors that, you murder somebody, they give you two months, they fight that you don't even have to go to jail. What's going on is crazy. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since may and we've ended catch and release. We've ended it. We could've ended it so easily. It's called the loophole. You catch him and then you release him into a country. That's what you had to do by law. And if you don't do that, they arrest the border patrol people. You believe this? The border patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in and some of these people are not good people. These are the people because look, when you have a caravan of eight or 10,000 people, a lot of those people, do you think that Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, do you think they're sending us their finest? I don't think so. Alright. How about the lottery? That was a Schumer deal. Chuck Schumer, crying Chuck, crying Chuck Schumer. I used to be a big contributor to him, he used to kiss my ass, Chuck Schumer. He'd do anything. He would've done anything for me. Anything I asked him, get Schumer on the phone, "You do this, you do that. You get him on the phone, that son of a bitch." He would have done, I didn't need anything, but he would have done anything. Now it's like, "The prisoner has not acted-". Give me a break. Give me a break. Find out how much money did I give a raise to Chuck Schumer and Chuck, give all that money back please. Carolyn Maloney, give that money back. Every penny should come back. They act so pompous. They act so righteous. They're not righteous. They're not righteous. They're bad people. The far left Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now. Democrats are pushing a socialist takeover of healthcare that will take away your coverage and take away your doctor. 180 million people are going to lose. A lot of people here now have healthcare finally under us that's phenomenal. And that's what you want. They want to take it away, 180. They want you to go to a hospital ward someplace and sit there all night. I don't think so. Not in this group. And you know what? Some people, it's good so people, but can you imagine? They want to take away 180 million people, great, private, highly negotiated healthcare where you have your own doctor. Remember Obama? 28 times, "You can have your doctor, you can have your plan." Didn't work out that way, did it? I think we should impeach him for that. Let's impeach him, for that, for the IRS scandal, for the guns. Remember the guns, he was giving them to anybody that wanted them. He gave guns to the worst people in the world and then they didn't have them registered, right? Not to good. Impeach him. Why didn't the Republicans impeach him? Those were really, how about giving around $1.8 billion in cash? How about that? By the way, I ended the Iran nuclear deal. I hope you happy, much different country. But how about giving Iran $1.8 billion in cash. Many big planes going over to Iran, loaded up to the ceiling with cash. You know what $1.8 billion, you ever see like at a casino, $1 million wrapped up? It's a big pile of stuff, that's a million. Now multiply it, $1.8 billion in cash he gave. So, why is he allow to do that? Did anybody try to impeach him for that? Everybody knew it was wrong. Republicans will strongly protect patients with preexisting conditions and we will protect your preexisting physicians. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth. Right? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. And that's what it is. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream. And that's really what it is. We're also the party of the great Abraham Lincoln. A lot of people forget that, but we have to bring it up. To protect the health and safety of our citizens, we awarded $100 million to improve water infrastructure in Flint. How badly was Flint? Who were the geniuses that did that to you? You have clean water coming into Flint. They had to pay a very tiny little fee. So instead, they go into this horrible, horrible, really polluted water and the water comes out of there. They spend hundreds of millions of dollars to save like a couple of bucks, and the water was so terrible and it hurt the people. It hurt the people. But we're getting it fixed. And I know your previous governor was a Republican, but I was not a big fan of his. I was not, but I'm not a big fan of the one that can't fix the potholes either. We're committed to ensuring America has the cleanest air in the cleanest water on planet earth, and that's what it's about. It's about clean air and it's about clean, beautiful water. And it's about keeping our industry, not closing it because of the ridiculous Paris Climate Accord. How's Paris doing? I don't think too well. How's Paris doing with the yellow vests? The yellow vests? You know why? Because they raise gasoline prices so they could send them money all over the world to countries that the people in France never heard of. It's not working out too well. We're lowering prices. We're lowering taxes. We're making it possible. I mean, look at gas prices now. Look at gas prices. I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And we also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Big deal. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized. Member, "I would like to apologize. I would like to apologize." Nah, we don't apologize. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Michigan. You're getting your auto industry back. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation. If you want your children to grow up, a land of safety, it's really, we want a land of safety, justice. Well, I don't know. When I look at those FBI reports we got out, we got to clean up a lot. What they've done to hurt people, what they've done to hurt with Comey and these horrible people, what they've done to hurt people. I think one of the best things I did as president, a lot of people would say, "With all what we've done for the economy and," but one of the best things is firing James Comey's ass out of there. Boy, those reports are kept. Did you see the other day? "Well, ah, ah." First time now he said, in other words, he's 50% there folks. He's hit the golden pond. Anyway, so what we're doing is, we're doing things that are going to make our victory, it's like a tree. We need that extra four years. We've done so much, even Right to Try. You know Right to Try? People were traveling, they're terminally ill, they're traveling all over the world. We have the best medical in the world, the best doctors, the best labs, best hospital. They're traveling all over the world, to try and get, because it takes years to get something approved. And I said, "Wait a minute folks, why aren't we doing this?" And they've been trying to do it for 49 years. They couldn't get it done. Not that easy. The drug companies didn't want the liability, the country didn't want the liability, the insurance companies didn't want the liability. I said, "Here's what we do. We'll sign an agreement with the people where you're exculpated from all liability." "Huh? That's a good idea." And it's a very strong agreement so we can't get sued. But I said, "Listen, they were worried they're going to hurt people." I said, "These people are terminally ill. They're terminally ill, and so we do it now." Nine months ago, all the legislators at the 49 years, so if somebody's sick, they don't have to go to Asia, they're have to go to Europe. Or if you're poor, you go home and you die. Now what happens? Very simple. You sign that document, they work it out. You wouldn't believe how many lives are being saved. It's incredible. It's incredible. I'm very proud of it, Right to Try. I hope you don't need it. You don't want it. You don't want it. Okay? But if you do, it's there. With your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. We will enact the greatest trade deals ever made. They'll result in more products, proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine. What we're doing is unbelievable. We're so far ahead of everybody. What we've done in the last three years with the FDA and even the speed of what we're doing, it would take 12, 13, 14 years to get things approved. It's down to a much smaller number, but we're finding new cures for childhood cancer and we are ending the AIDS epidemic in America. We've started the process. Who would've thought that? In 10 years, it's a 10 year process, we will have ended the AIDS epidemic in America and it could have been been started before I came to office. It was just wasted time. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. They're incredible, and that includes ICE. You know how tough these people are? These are great patriots. They love our country. Even the sheriffs alone for, some of the people that they're dealing with. These guys walk into the golem's nest and in some cases they just swing it out. They can have it. They love it. These are great. If we didn't have them, and I told you before, they're taking out bad, bad, bad people by the thousands, especially MS13 gang members. Who's going to do that? Who's going to do that? Anybody in the front row? I don't know. What about you? You're a tough guy. You might do it. You could do it. I don't know. You might, yeah, you can. What you like? We're going to recruit you. I think you could handle yourself. Now, these are tough people, right? You got to be tough. Then they get accused, they're too tough. Oh, they're too tough. You have some of these guys. They knife people. They don't even need a gun because it's more painful. They knife the two young girls, 16 years old. Beautiful. They cut them up into pieces because it was more painful than shooting them. These are animals. And then Nancy Pelosi said, I shouldn't use the term animal. And by the way, she ought to go home and take care of her district where the homeless is all over the place and the tents and the filth and the garbage is a eroding right into the Pacific ocean and into their beaches. She ought to go and take care of her district in San. Do you see what's going on? And it rains and it's filth and it's needles and it's drugs and it's, you know what. It's everything and it goes right into those storm sewers. Storm, not sanitary, storm and it goes right out into the Pacific ocean into the beaches and we fine Los Angeles and San Francisco, but we've just sent them a tremendous dollar fine for what they're doing. And Nancy Pelosi is playing games. She ought to go home and take care of the homeless and take care of the filth and everything. San Francisco was the most beautiful city. When you look at what's happened with the tents all over the place, where the police officers are getting sick just from walking the beat, they're getting sick. Diseases are coming back that this world hasn't seen for 30, 40, 50 years. It's a disgrace. She ought to get back and take care of her district instead of wasting time on this nonsense. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto and it's always going to be up there. They want to take everything down. They don't want Thomas Jefferson anymore. They don't want anything. That's a terrible thing and we fight for it, now. We fight. These words will never be taken off. I don't care where I am. If I'm up there, if I'm down here, I don't know, but we'll be fighting. We'll never take these words off, in God we trust. We stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan Patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg transformed the nation. It gave us Motown, the Mustang and the might of the American Midwest. This is the American mid west. And Michigan is the state where generations of strong, tough and proud American workers made this into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world. And we are making it bigger, better and stronger than ever before, by far. Loyal citizens like you help build this country. And together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you. The American people, the Democrats took the people of Michigan for granted, but with us, you will never be forgotten again. The forgotten men and women of this country will never, ever be forgotten again. And I'm fighting for you. And I love doing it with everything that I have. And I will never, ever stop. And you know that. I will say I could have a much easier life. Some people say, "Why is he doing it?" You know why I'm doing it because we're doing the thing and look what we're doing is we're bringing back our country again. We're respected again, we're respected again. We are so respected, you don't even know how respected. I went to NATO where we were being ripped off because the other countries, you have 29 countries, and the other countries weren't paying their bills. They were delinquent in real estate. I noticed people are using that word. I've been using it for the last year. It's like a real estate trend. That's when they don't pay their rent, right? Well, they weren't paying and you have to see this chart, until I got there. They got to pay and they said, "Well, does that mean you won't protect us?" I said, "You don't want the answer to that question." Over the last, and the Secretary General Stoltenberg, over the last period of just two years, I raised, not from us, nothing from us, $130 billion, but that's nothing and over a short period of time they will be paying $530 billion more. All of those countries. My biggest fan in the world is Secretary General Stoltenberg of NATO. He says, "I never thought this could." I'm telling you, if you look, it's like 15 years just down. President Obama would go there, make a speech, "I'd like to thank everybody for being here. Thanks. Look, great job. Sayonara. Goodbye." Bush, they all did. Nobody ever asked for money. We were spending for 100% of NATO. We're protecting Europe. They rip us off on trade, right? They rip us off like crazy. We lose hundreds of billions of dollars on trade. We're changing that, but it's a long time. It's been going on a long time. They don't take your product. They don't take your cars. They don't take your farm product. They don't take your medical machines. We do a big business. They sell us. We don't sell them because they put restrictions. We have better equipment than them, but they make it so that our equipment doesn't qualify. It's called artificial barriers or non-monetary barriers. It's brutal what they do. I'm telling you, they're as bad as China, just smaller. They are as bad as China, just smaller and now China's doing great. We're very happy, but we have to do something with that. We have to take care of our people. We can't be ripped off by these countries, so NATO is ripping us off militarily, but now they're starting to pay big money and that's good. We want to help them. We want to be there with them, but they have to pay. They have to pay. $530 billion and the fake news doesn't even want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. They talk about other things. They don't want to talk about that. When you'd get a chance though, just a couple of weeks, maybe you could say over a short period of time, NATO countries will be paying $530 billion more. More, not total. More. How's that? Good. That's not too bad. Nobody else could do that, I guarantee. I won't tell you what took place in those closed door meetings. Some of them don't like me. They like Obama. Germany likes Obama. A lot of these countries, France, they like Obama. It's embarrassing. In France, President Obama is more popular than President Trump. Well, I should be. I just taxed their wine and champagne coming into our country because they're ripping us off on the internet. Okay. If I ever become more popular, that means I'm not doing my job. You should say he's out. It's true. I could be loved in Germany. I could be loved in Germany. Oh, they'd love me. My father came from Germany, parents and I could be loved in Germany. They'd like me so much, but then I'm not doing my job for you. Have to do it. Have to do it. With your help, your devotion, your drive, we're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting. We are going to keep on winning, winning, winning because we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation, under God. America is thriving like never before. And ladies and gentlemen of Michigan, the best is yet to come. Great state. Great state. You better remember all those jobs in a year from now, I tell you. I'll say, "That state let me down." I don't think that's going to happen. I'm hearing very good thing. You know the interesting thing, before it was like a promise. I said I'm going to bring car back. I'm going to bring this. I'm going to be pres, it was all like, it's good. You believed me, I was successful, all this, but now we've done it. We have done more than I promised, no politics. I promised, we've done more than we promised. No politician I think, has ever done that. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, Michigan. Thank you.There's a lot of people. That's great. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That's a big group of people. This is on fast notice, too. Thank you. But I'm thrilled to be here with the beautiful, great, hardworking people of this incredible state. You're really hardworking American patriots. That's what you are, and a lot of people haven't been treated right until I came along. We've done a lot of work and a lot of good work, and you had your best year ever last year. The state had the best year you've ever had. 46 days from now, we're going to win Minnesota, and we're going to win four more years in the White House. One of the most vital issues in this election is the subject of refugees. You know it. You know it perhaps better than almost anybody. Lots of luck. You're having a good time with the refugees. That's good. We want to have Omar. He said Omar. That's a beauty. How the hell did she win the election? How did she win? It's unbelievable. Every family in Minnesota needs to know about sleepy Joe Biden's extreme plan to flood your state with an influx of refugees from Somalia, from other places all over the planet. Well, that's what's happened, and you like Omar a lot, don't you? Biden has promised a 700% increase in the manifesto with Bernie, right? A 700% increase in the importation of refugees from the most dangerous places in the world, including Yemen, Syria, and Somalia. Congratulations, Minnesota. A 700% increase. Good luck, Minnesota. Enjoy yourselves, because if I'm not here, if I don't win, I don't know where I'm going to be. But maybe I'll come over to see Mike. I'll come and see Mike. Your state will be overrun and destroyed, and Biden and the radical Left win. That's what's going to happen. I've been watching it for years. They haven't treated you right. They have not treated Minnesota right. Thank you. I'll tell you, these hangers are great. Remember this. It's a friendly protest. Please remember this is not a rally. You're not allowed to have political rallies of any kind. You're not allowed to go to church. You're not allowed to do anything. The only thing you're allowed to do is run wild through the streets, burn down storefronts, blow up stores, and kill people, because that's considered a protest, and that, they allow you to have. You don't have to wear masks at protests. So I said, "We can't have a rally. The most we can have is ten people. But why don't we just call it a protest?", because this is a protest. It's a protest against stupidity. Speaking about stupidity, sleepy Joe will turn Minnesota into a refugee camp. Think of it. 700% increase. So you're not happy now? Look at that guy over there. He's not too thrilled when he hears this. 700% increase is what they have in the manifesto. Now, maybe they don't honor it, but I would say they'll go substantially higher than that number. Biden will overwhelm your children's schools, overcrowd their classrooms, and inundate your hospitals. That's what'll happen. Biden has even pledged to terminate our travel ban to jihadist regions, jihadist regions. They've already been doing that to you, haven't they? Opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorists. My administration's keeping terrorists, extremists, and criminals the hell out of our country. We don't want them. We don't want them. We've got enough of them. We've got enough of them. Just today, we deported, as you know very well, dozens of Somali nationals charged or convicted with very grave crimes, including rape, assault, robbery, terrorism, and murder, of course. These hardened criminals are back in their country, where they do all the complaining they want, and your children are much safer as a result. Thank you, President Trump. Thank you. If it were up to Biden, and it's not. It's the people that's around him. They are seriously radical Left Democrats, and they're very dangerous. The offenders are very dangerous, and they'd be running all over your state. Only by voting for me are you going to say … But I hate to say this, and get it with your iron ore. I did it with some other things, and I'll do it for you again. I'll do it for you again. But if you vote for me, I'm the difference, and I'm the wall. You know the wall that we're building on the southern border? I'm your wall between the American Dream and chaos. Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the left wing mob. He has no clue where he is. This is not a sharp guy. Years ago, I said to a certain senator who I was very friendly with, a Democrat, "Who's the dumbest senator? Who's the smartest senator?" He gave me a name for the smartest. I said, "Who's the dumbest?" "Oh, Joe Biden. You didn't know that?" That was 25 years ago. That was in prime time. This is no longer prime time for sleepy Joe. They do disinformation. They make things up, and they make commercials. They make things up. I've never seen anything like it. Everything, they make up. First of all, I'm the one protecting your Social Security. They say, "Trump" … Remember four years ago, they used to say, "Oh, Trump will get rid of Social" … I have protected your Social Security. They're going to destroy your Social Security. Remember? Did you ever hear of a man, Fiorello La Guardia? Did you ever? I don't think that happened with him. New York, I don't think it happened with Rudy Giuliani, did it? What a great job Rudy did. You realize Rudy's just now really being appreciated. People forgot how good he was as a man. He was a great mayor. We polled it. I'd go down about 22 points. They want to poll everything nowadays. I don't believe in polls. They poll everything. But Ali Velshi, I don't know anything about the guy, but I know he was standing there. This is really quite a good scene. It's a friendly protest. Everyone's acting … and behind him, the entire city was burning. It's one of the great pictures of all time. The entire city was burning down. That was your city, and it's a shame it took so long, but the governor finally did it at least. If you take a look at Portland, the governor can't quite do it. She can't get there. I speak to her all the time. "Come on, Governor. I can straighten out Portland. Give me less than an hour. Just let us have it for" … because the state has to ask for it. They have to request. It's a shame. It's such a shame. But in your case, we went, and all of a sudden, it was really … That was going to be a bad night, too, right? Remember that, about seven o'clock? Then you see this guy walked out with about a $250,000 outfit on. That's because it had more computers and this and that. Got the tear gas deal. He's got the whole deal, pepper spray, got everything, the finest outfit you can buy. Believe me. We just paid for them, and they were very expensive. So we see one, the helmet. How about the helmet with the goggles? You can see at night. You can see at day. You can see whenever the hell you want. So there's one. I said, "Oh, that's only one guy." Then you see another three, then four. Then you see another ten. They were just getting out of the buses, coming from very friendly territory. He got hit on the knee with a canister of tear gas, and he went down. He was down. "My knee, my knee." Nobody cared. These guys didn't care. They moved them aside, and they just walked right to … It was the most beautiful thing, and that would be it. But so they had four or five lines. Then they had lines of different … Everybody did the same thing. Did they ever even move one step back? I don't think so, right? It was just a slow walk right forward. Then they just started walking faster, faster, faster, put a lot of guys in jail, Tom, right? Put a lot of guys … Great Congressman, by the way. Put a lot of guys in jail. Great. Not good. Great. They put a lot of guys in jail that night, Tom, and that was the end of it. I don't think he had any problem after that. If you had any flare-ups, we'll send them in again. But that's all you do. These are Democrat-run disasters. Look at Chicago. Look at Portland. Look at you with Minneapolis. These are disasters. By the way, are they still trying to get rid of your police force in Minneapolis? That's what I heard. See, they never learn. They never learn. They don't … You've got a lot of people here. That's a lot of people. I actually like these. We have the arenas. We've always filled them up. It's been great, and the arenas are good, but usually you have to travel 45 minutes. This thing, you have a hangar. The plane becomes your backstop, right? It's like your curtain. It's a curtain. You get a free curtain. We're outside, which actually makes people happy. It even makes the people that sometimes not everybody here likes happy, because outside is better. It's better, and we're rounding the turn on COVID, by the way. Our vaccines are coming. A lot of things are happening. We're rounding the turn. We've done a great job. We've done a phenomenal job. We don't get credit for that, but we'll discuss that in a minute. But when you look at it, when you look at it, our country is amazing. It's an amazing country. We love this country, and we're not going to let radical Left socialist/communists take over our country. Okay? They use the word socialist, and socialists aren't great. But communists are a hell of a lot worse, and that's where we'd be headed. We're standing in the way of them, this group of people. But you have a lot of groups of people just like this, every place we go. Last night, you know where we were. You saw that it was all over the place, right? That's a big state. That's a great state. Then I see the fake polls. I just saw a poll here, Minnesota. I'm down nine. I don't think so. I mean, I just don't think so. I don't think so, right? I don't think so. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. This is the craziest thing I've seen. President Trump is down nine in Minnesota. Now I just saw another plane. See the plane? The good thing about these beautiful Air Force Ones, right? That's the smaller version of Air Force One. I think you had a little bit short runway. So they take the smaller to save about $12. No, they took the smaller one. But the great thing about those beautiful planes, they have more televisions than any plane in history. We have televisions in the closet, on the ceilings, on the floors. I've never seen them on the … We have them all over the place, and I'm just coming out. They said, "There he is." They said, "It's a smattering of people." They called it a smattering. They always do that. Yet Biden with the circles, right? The little circles. He's got like four people in a circle. You know why he does the circles? Because he can't draw a crowd. So they put a circle, like he's supposed to … He's trying to be legitimate. He's going to go by the science. He always says science. He doesn't know what the word science is. So to have these four or five circles, they put people, that way he doesn't have to be embarrassed when he goes to a high school gymnasium and he has 40, 50 people. They had one not so long ago, and you saw this. He couldn't draw a crowd. It was a big thing. It was his opening or something. Couldn't draw a crowd. So they made it a round table. So he went in. They only had like 32 people. They said, "This is very embarrassing," one of his people, and that's what they do. They're good. Some of the people surrounding him, they'll say anything and do anything. They said, "Let's not make it a speech. There's nobody here. Let's make it a round table." So these people are sitting at a table. They had no idea, and most of them didn't know anything about politics. They didn't even know why they were there. Now they're sitting on a round table, and they're on television. But that's what it is. But they say we had a smattering of people. Yes, smattering of about what? 15,000 people in about two days' notice. This doesn't include the 10,000 people, Mike, that they turned away. I hate that they turned them away. You'd think with an airport, you wouldn't have to turn anybody away, but they have a certain amount. Then sometimes you have Democrats running an airport, and they don't like all these people here. That's true. They don't like it. But if we're up to Biden, your state would be in ruins. Just take a look at what they've done, and I'm going to hit it hard. They make phony commercials about me, and it gives me the right. How about the worst one of all, the worst I've ever seen? Standing on a grave of a fallen soldier, and then they had some guy, a source said … There's no source. The source doesn't exist. They make it up, and then they take it. It's called disinformation. You're not supposed to do that. I'm not even sure if he knows. He's too weak to understand, and he's still weak to control his people. But it allows me to say whatever I want about this guy. The truth is, he's not fit to be your President. He's not mentally fit. If Biden's elected, extremists, like representative Ilhan Omar … Whatever happened to her? You had a great writer who has just made a living off writing about her. She's done so many criminal acts. Isn't it damn disgraceful that she gets away with it? I have to say to myself, I say, "How the hell did she get away with that? If we do one" … Look at General Flynn. He didn't even lie. They said he didn't lie, right? He's gone through hell. He's gone through hell. This guy wrote page after page of criminal acts. Well, let's see what happens. Who the hell knows? But between her and how about AOC? AOC- AOC is running a campaign against the guy that was supposed to be speaker of the house. Right? Joe Crowley. I knew him a little bit. I asked him once I said, "Are you campaigning against this maniac?" He said, "No, she's just a young girl. No problem." I called him on election night. Nah, I was going to, I was going to say, "How did that work out, Joe? That didn't work." He was going to be Speaker Of The House. He's got a certain talent. But you know she had no money, nothing. And all of a sudden she had $2,000,000 and she spent the $2,000,000 all over the place. Her and her boyfriend. Whatever happened to her? Can you imagine if I'd do that? You have to look at that. She spent the $2,000,000 and big story. But that was it. That's one quick story. Oh man. Probably the guy who wrote the story, lost his job at the New York Times. Right? He's now unemployed, but there's a big story. She spent $2,000,000 on bullshit. If a Republican did that they'd be in jail. You know that. It's a different standard and it's a disgrace. And our guys better get on the ball. Look, let me tell you how about yesterday. They were talking about Russia, Russia, Russia. Again, here we go with the Russia. There's never been anybody so tough on Russia with the sanctions. Remember Obama would send pillows. I sent tank busters right to Ukraine. I'm the one that exposed the pipeline with Germany. Germany pays them billions and billions of dollars. And then we're supposed to protect Germany from Russia. I said, "How does that work? How does that work? You're spending billions of dollars for energy to Russia." It's all okay. I'm the one that exposed it. What I've done … Hey, they don't want me to go. But if you look, they don't want me to win. Russia doesn't want … Maybe North Korea does because I actually have a very good relationship with him. And speaking of North Korea and you know, it's okay to have really. You don't have to go to wars. We don't have to lose our great soldiers. It's good. If I got along with Putin. Somebody said "He gets along well with Putin." I'm saying to myself, "But isn't that sort of a good thing? Is that bad." "He gets along with Putin. That's a bad thing." But you saw the head of the FBI yesterday started going Russia. Russia is looking at our election. Russia. Here we go again. Russia, Russia, Russia. I said, "What about China? What about North Korea? What about Iran? What about … " They don't mention anybody else. The narrative seems to be Russia. Millions of phone calls made not one to Russia. Millions of phone calls received not one to Russia. Then he goes, "Russia, Russia." Then they asked him about Antifa. What do you think about Antifa? "Well, it's an ideology." I said, "No, it's not. It's a bunch of thugs and anarchists that are being funded by somebody and find out who the somebody is." It's unbelievable. Unbelievable when you look at this stuff. But seriously, take a look at the AOC. I call it AOC plus three. Her three people that she tells what to do. And $2,000,000. Dresses, rent, other things. You're not supposed to do that. Mr. Congressman, are you allowed to do that Sir? You don't do that. You don't buy dresses do you? If he does that's the end of his career right? No. But it's terrible. Right John? It's terrible. Will prosecute him. I mean, why not? I don't understand it. I'll tell you what. One friend of mine, very sophisticated guy, very successful guy called me up. He says, "You know. From the day you came down the escalator with our great First Lady, our future First Lady." He said "From that day the people love her. She gave a great speech at the Republican National Convention at The White House. She gave a great speech." But said "From the day you came down the escalator with our First Lady. From the single day you've been under investigation. You've been under investigation by sleazebags. People that now we caught, cleaned up their phones." You're not allowed to do that. Right Mr.. Congressman? My great hockey player. You're the greatest. Right? But you're not allowed to do that. You know? We want their phones. "Oh, here they are. Oh, by the way, they happen to be totally deleted." Like Hillary with the 33,000 emails she deleted. If she is, she's not getting her money worth. Her yoga lessons and her daughter's wedding. Right? So it was about the wedding and the yoga lessons. So I said, "Okay, let's give her five or six each." What do you think, Mike? Five or six each. Five for the wedding. Make it 30. Make it a hundred. Make it a thousand. A thousand for the wedding. And for the yoga, let's give her 200. Okay. What about all those thousands and thousands of emails. Probably classified. So Congress … So forget about it. Let's assume they're gone because she deleted them and then she acid washed them. And then she hit her phones with a hammer. I get rid of phones. I've never hit him with a hammer. Not even as President. I say, "Yeah. Throw the phone away." No, no. I've never hit a phone. Has anybody ever gotten rid of your phone and taken a hammer and wiped the hell out of it? I don't think so. So she gets a subpoena from the U S Congress. Not in a lawsuit against some guy that hates you and you're fighting and you're fighting or something. By the way you do that, you've got problems in court, big problems. But she gets a subpoena from Congress. U.S. subpoena, the most important subpoena you can get. They get the subpoena. And after she gets the subpoena, by a few days everything is deleted. Her phones are busted up and cleaned and wiped. And everything's gone. And nothing happens to her. Forget about what was on. Now think of how angry it makes me when I see it. Now how angry? Could you imagine if I'd do that it's a whole different ball game. Know how angry it makes me when I see it. And we had an attorney general that didn't have a clue. That was my fault. I was loyal to somebody. Endorsed me early. You know whey he endorsed me? Because I went to Mobile, Alabama. We had 55,000 people show up at a stadium. He said, "I'd like to endorse you." Then after we won, he said, "I'd love to be attorney general." And I said, "No, I don't think so." But after four or five times asking, I'm a loyal person and I did it. The mistakes sometimes you make is because of loyalty, but that's okay. But allowed her to get away with that is a disgrace. Maybe there's something they can do. So forget about looking for the emails. And they are available. And I guarantee they're in the State Department. I guarantee you they're in the state department that ought to damn well find them. They're being protected in the State Department. But forget about that. Almost as good is the fact that you're not allowed to do what she did and her lawyers should pay, Kendall should pay, equal consequence. Equal consequence. Equal. But that's the way it is. But we are making a lot of progress if you see what's going on. I said to myself, "I'm going to stay uninvolved. I don't have to. Chief Law Enforcement Officer, can you believe it? But I think it's better if I stay uninvolved." And I have stayed uninvolved and we do have an excellent Attorney General. Bill Barr. And I'll be honest, he's a smart guy. I think he's getting tougher and tougher and tougher every day. I think he's not going to put up with this stuff. I don't think. And you know he's got a lot of people that are deep staters, whatever you want to call them. They fight him at every turn. They fight him, fight him, fight him. But he's getting tougher and tougher. I watched over the last three days, I'm saying, "Wow, that's sort of what we're all waiting for. Right?" But she deletes her emails. AOC gets rid of $2,000, 000. Gets rid of it. Nothing happens. Nothing happens. And then she goes around and calls us all like what the hell are we? And she controls Nancy Pelosi. Actually Nancy Pelosi would love to get rid of her I think. How about Pelosi? Pelosi goes out and says, "You know. I think I have my hair done." So she goes out and she goes into this beauty parlor. I told the story in Wisconsin last night. By the way, we had that great crowd in Wisconsin. You have a feeling about places. You know the problem with Minnesota is that I think since 1972, this hasn't been won by a Republican. So, you're a little behind the eight ball when you hear that. Right? I mean, I can understand. And Wisconsin rarely. But I won Wisconsin. Unlike Minnesota thank you very much. Thank you very much, Tom. Thank you. Unlike Minnesota. But it's my fault. So I had one speech left. It started at one in the morning. I went to Michigan, we won Michigan. That was another one. Great state. We brought back so many auto companies into Michigan. We brought them back. But I had one. It was already voting day. It was election day. Because by the time I got there it was just scheduled. Had I made that one damn stop to your state we would have won Minnesota. I lost by what? A half a point. Half a point. But I get off the plane and they said, "He's in Minnesota. He's down nine." The recent poll. Down nine. I believe it's a suppression poll. And you know, I have an instinct about things pretty much. Somebody said "Trump has the greatest political instincts of the last 100 years." One of my enemies said that. And I said, "No, I don't." I don't believe I do. I think I have lousy political instincts." But what am I going to tell you? Let me just say they said that. And I was very impressed by the statement. In fact, I went to my wife I said, "You know, they say I have the greatest political instincts in over a hundred years." And I said, "But I don't believe it. I don't." I don't want to be Beto. Remember Beto? "I was born to run for president." That was the end of his career. Beto O'Rourke who's in charge of guns. By the way, he's going to take your guns away. You know that, right? Biden. Sleepy Joe. Sleepy Joe is going to take your guns away. Remember Beto on the cover of a really crummy magazine. I won't mention the name. They've got a lot of bad magazines out there. The good news is most of them are dying. If not all of them. But Beto O'Rourke, he did the story and he was going to defeat Ted Cruz. He was going to do all these things. Ted beat him. And I helped a lot too. I was with Ted all the way. And I think Ted's appreciated it. But I even said, "I'm putting Ted Cruz as one of the people for the Supreme Court." Right? And you know why I did it? You know why I did it? Because I wanted to make sure that I had somebody on a list we had about 45 unbelievable people, unbelievable. The smartest, the best. The absolute creme de la creme, right? The best minds in the country. Conservative. They believe in the constitution. Little things like that. But I said, "You know. I have to have somebody that we're going to make sure we get approved." And the only one I could think of is Ted, because he's going to get 50 Republican votes and he's going to get 50 Democrat votes. They'll do anything to get them out of the Senate. Right? So anyway, but just to finish, there's no way that I'm nine points down. I look at a crowd. So they say instinct, right? So I look at a crowd and whether I have good instinct or not, this is not the crowd of somebody that's going to finish second in the state to a Sleepy Joe. Finish second to a guy that cannot put two sentences together. Now it is an ideology. It doesn't matter. I could put that broken piece of wood right there. I could put that out. And it's the same thing as Joe. It's just an ideology. It's just an idea. Now, historically, we have the biggest gap in enthusiasm of any campaign that they've ever opposed. You heard that. Like 36 points. In other words, they've got no enthusiasm for him. I have tremendous enthusiasm as we can tell. But he does have enthusiasm to beat Trump. His only enthusiasm is put anybody in there. Right? Put anybody in there. He does have enthusiasm to beat Trump. Nothing for him, but to beat Trump. Okay. But historically that never wins. When somebody has to rely on winning because of somebody as opposed to winning because people love you, people respect you … And Sean Hannity did something the other night. He said to this man, "If you owned a McDonald's hamburger stand in a reasonably busy area, would you have Joe Biden running that stand?" The answer is no. He doesn't have the energy. He doesn't. So he can't run the country. No, seriously. I thought it was good. I never thought of it. You wouldn't have him running your business. You wouldn't have him running a McDonald's. I have to say or a Wendy's. I have a friend he owns Wendy's. He always gets up. Ken, you haven't mentioned Wendy's? Okay. But you know you wouldn't do it because he couldn't do it. And yet he's running for the presidency. He's got no energy. I made a comment that somebody had low energy. That was the end of his political career. But Joe's energy is far lower. It's far lower. No, it's far lower than Jeb. Jeb was on the low side. But Joe, he's off the scale. Right? Joe's got nothing going. Today Biden delivered remarks, barely, to a union after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash. How about his statement? Hey, we talk about AOC being crooked. She's a hundred percent crooked. Okay. But were talking about that. Look at Omar. She came in here. Did she marry her brother? Where's that writer? That writer should be given the Pulitzer prize. He never will be. He should be though. You know the amazing thing, all of these writers, New York Times, Washington Post, right? Russia, Russia, Russia. Trump. Russia, Russia, Russia. I had 19 people. All brilliant. All radical left. All Hillary people. Actually not even a never Trumper from Bush. Okay. All Hillary Clinton people mostly, almost everyone. They were all Democrats. How about this? You're being investigated by 19 Democrats that are smart people. Okay? Smart people. So my friend says, "You know, you are the most honest person in the world. And you've taken three years of total investigation." You don't think they've gone over my taxes. They went over at the biggest tax firm in the country. The most prestigious. They went over everything. They spend 48 million as it comes out now. It's about $48,000,000 investigating me before I won and after I won. And we caught them spying on my campaign. That's what they were really doing. And now with the phones, I think there's like 22 or 24 people. You heard this one? They said, "No, no, no. We made a mistake when we deleted our phone." You know what they had to do to make that mistake? Like 19 different formulas. Right? I don't even know how you delete a phone. I didn't know you could do it. But they all made the exact same mistake. That's not good. That's not good. So let's see what happens to them. It's a criminal act you know that, right? It's a criminal act. It's criminal. Weissman's a bad guy. Put a lot of people in jail that shouldn't be in jail, Weissman. He's a bad guy. He's on CNN all the time or MSNBC which I call it MSDNC. Because it's the same thing. Owned by a company called Concast. Did anyone ever hear … With an N, not an M. Con like a con job. Concast. They a fortune on public relations. Comcast has delivered you the news, all the news. And they spend a fortune. And then I go up and make one speech and I call them Concast And that's the end of the PR for the year. They are a bad group of people. They're sick. I mean, they're sick people. They're sick and evil people and they want bad things for our country and they don't report the news. You know, in the old days, when you used public airways free, you had to get a license. I keep saying, "If they're reporting fake news, how come they can keep getting a license?" Whether it's ABC, whether it's NBC, CBS, or of course, CNN. Which is I mean one of the great jokes of all time, CNN. Or MSDNC. But they're cable so I guess there's a different standard. But when you're using the public airwaves free. Okay? Free. Aren't you supposed to get licensed? So I asked my people that. I ask a couple of guys and I never really get an answer. I just want to know a simple question. Do you have to report the truth when you using free airwaves and making a fortune with commercials and everything else. And I never get the right answer because there are people down deep. It's crazy. But we're getting down to all of it. A lot of progress has been made. I think you're starting to see it. We're trying to beat a terrible group of deep state people. You know I came to Washington … Think of it, think of it. I came to Washington and I had 24 years of putting people in office. And then you can probably add another four to that. And another four to that. I had many, many years, decades of people putting … So I came. Been to Washington I guess 17 times I never stayed over. Right? Never slept over. I was there 17 times. But we're riding down the beautiful Pennsylvania Avenue. And I look outside at those police. I love our police. We've got to treat our police better. I had everything. I had police. I had military. I had soldiers. I had everything you could possibly have. You never saw so much how power and strength and beauty. The beauty. And they were so proud. They're all saluting, they're so proud. They're happy to have gotten rid of that crowd that was there before us. They're proud. They're great. The police. You know, every single police force I think endorsed me. I got the one yesterday from Chicago. That's not easy. Chicago endorsed me. New York's finest endorsed me. Florida. Ohio. I mean, everybody. I don't know that he's gotten one vote. Then he says he can't mention the words law and order. Can you believe it? And then I get to the most beautiful house in the world. I can have Mar-a-Largo and all of them. But I'll tell you The White House is still The White House, no matter how you do it. And I get to this gorgeous, beautiful place. And I'm up at the incredible suite level and there's Abraham Lincoln's suite. It's called the Lincoln bedroom. Remember Clinton used to lease it out to people for money. They never change do they. Remember when Barbara Streisand, she's another beauty, by the way. But remember Barbara Streisand used to stay in that suite? Which was the only problem I had with it. But tell me … No, but I do like her voice. I do. I really do. Some of them I don't like even their voices. But she used to stay there. And I'm standing in the Lincoln bedroom. The history of the whole thing. The bed, the desk, the Gettysburg address, the beautiful four score and seven years ago. This beautiful Gettysburg address. He wrote it there. And also on his carriage ride up to Gettysburg. He delivered the Gettysburg address and they say the only one that got worse press than I did was Abraham Lincoln. Did anyone ever hear that? And I said, "No way they got worse. Maybe he got bad. But no way he gets worse." Now people are starting to say, "It's probably true. I think you've got the worst." Now they used to say, "No, no." Newt Gingrich, great guy. He said, "Nope, Abraham Lincoln got the worst press. They were worse to him than anybody. He was a very depressed person. His wife was very depressed." It was a depressed kind of a thing. He's in a war, he's in a revolution. And he was getting beaten a lot by Robert E. Lee. They want to rip his statue down all over the place. But Robert E. Lee whether you like statues or not, they don't rip statues down anymore. I signed a law. 10 years in jail if they rip them down. But Robert E. Lee won many, many battles in a row and it was supposed to be over in one day. It was supposed to end immediately because the North was too powerful for the South. But it just shows when you have leaders, when you have a great general. And Robert E. Lee, he would have won except for Gettysburg. And that was because his general was killed who's going to lead Gettysburg. Never fight uphill, me boys. Never fight uphill. He heard they were going up hill. Stop them, stop them. But we had no cell phones in that day, right? Congressmen? No cell phones. So they sent the horses to stop him. Stop him. But it was too late. They fought uphill and they got slaughtered. That's what happened. But Robert E. Lee these were incredible things. But I hope you appreciate that we had a period of time when they were ripping down all of the statues and monuments. And I said to my people four months ago, I said, "This is crazy. These people." And they don't even know. They started ripping down Abraham Lincoln. When they hit Lincoln I said, "Wait a minute. This is the man. And you can't do …" Then they hit George Washington, Thomas Jefferson. They hit everybody. They even had Gandhi. All Gandhi wanted was one thing. Peace. May we have peace. Rip down the statue we don't like it. I don't think they have any idea what they're doing. I think they're just a bunch of thugs. Okay? You want to know that? I think they are a bunch of thugs. They were going to March on Washington and they were going to rip down a statue of Abraham Lincoln. You know the exact statute. Its up very nicely. Up now. And by the way, they can take them down legally. They go through Congress as a way of doing it. But they didn't want to do it that way. And they were marching on Washington. And I said, "Do we have any laws about this?" They said, "No, sir." Now in Congress, the way it is now, the most you get is about a $10 fine. You rip down a $5 million statue and you got a $10 fine. Right? It's different world. That's when it was strong and they had laws. But we told and found this old act. And the old act said, if you rip down a monument or a statue, you get 10 years in prison. They call it prison, not jail, which sounds even worse. I said, "Bring that sucker up immediately to the Oval Office because there are a lot of people coming to Washington." They were going to March on the Jefferson Memorial. Do you believe that? The Jefferson Memorial. We grow up … The Jefferson Memorial. They were going to March on the Jefferson Memorial. They were going to do damage to our beautiful Jefferson Memorial after Thomas Jefferson. And I did predict that. A friend of mine said, "You know, two years ago you said, next will be Robert E. Lee and then comes Washington. And Jefferson and Lincoln. They'd never stop. The only thing they understand is strength. Remember that." They don't understand weakness. There's nothing you can do. These really stupid heads of these corporations that give hundreds of millions of dollars. It's like blackmail money, right? But these stupid people that run, they get $40,000,000 a year and they're weak. Okay, they're weak. But these people, they're anarchists and the only thing they understand is strength. So I said, "Let me see this document." I said, "Wow, this is a very strong document." And Derek is here. One of my attorneys, he did a great job. I don't know where the hell Derek is. He's around here. Actually he's heard this before though. Not quite. You're getting a very unique speech tonight. You know? I mean unlike Joe, I haven't even looked at the teleprompter. This guy will "Move it up. Move it up. I can't see. Move it up." I haven't looked at it. The poor teleprompter guy he's sitting there "What do we do? We're on line two of the teleprompter." He said, "What do we do?" No, unlike Joe, I have not looked at the teleprompter. Oh, that poor Joe. You know what's the worst part about him looking at the teleprompter? The worst part is that means that the fake news media is giving him the questions. Right? Like Donna Brazil, who was brilliantly hired by Fox. Fox has changed a little bit. Ladies and gentlemen, Donna Brazil, who was fired by CNN because she cheated and she gave crooked Hillary the questions to the debate. How would you like to be me? They give her questions to the debate. And I still won the debate and she had all the questions. Think of it. How do you do that? Donna Brazil is, ladies and gentlemen, she's going to work for Fox. Oh, that's great. That's big difference. Big difference between four years ago and now. A lot of things have changed. But I'll tell you what's changed is the fact that we have more enthusiasm now than we did four years ago. It's amazing right? But just to get back to the others. So I signed that wonderful executive order instituting this really tough law. And it says 10 years. It doesn't say, you get 10 years, but you can take it down to three weeks. It says 10 years. So these guys had just gotten there. I had a news conference because I had to let them know about it. Right? We've got many people in jail right now from before nobody even talked about taking statues down. No, but I looked at the Andrew Jackson right? With the ropes. And I'll tell you, the police did a great job. And Mark Meadows did a great job. He said, "Charge." They charged. And they took these guys out and they were fairly tough. But the police were much tougher. DC police. They did a great job. They were watching and they weren't able to do anything. Mark Meadows said "Charge." It was like from 200 years ago it was crazy. They charged and they'd beat the hell out of these guys. Or you wouldn't have that great statue on the horse of a great general. He was a great general. And he was a very good president. At least a good president. But he was a great general. The battle of New Orleans. Right? He went to jail too. We had all the evidence we needed. Thank you for that. I want to thank you fake news. We called the fake news. We said "Can we just have that please?" When they said, no, we just said, "We'll take it off TiVo. That's okay. Don't worry about it." One of the greatest inventions in history. Tivo better than television because television is useless without it. So, we signed it. And all of a sudden these same guys who were watching it, they left. Nobody showed up the next day. They're going to have 25,000 people. They had 24 people, 5 of them were brought to prison. Okay. And the next day they said, "Well, we were going to save it for Saturday night." And Saturday night nobody showed up. And nobody has showed up in four months to take down a statue. It's true. Because you know why? They look and they say, "I want to take down that statue. I'm going to take down that statue. That statue's coming down." And then somebody says, "You know it's 10 years in jail." They go, "That's too much. I'm getting out of here." It's true. Ten years is not acceptable, Mike. Right? Ten years is a lot to rip down a statue, have a little fun, especially when they have no idea what they're ripping down. But we have an idea what they're ripping down. They're ripping down in many cases, greatness. They're ripping down our past. They're ripping down our history. And that's where these guys begin. They take away your history. You look at the Middle East, you look all over. Look what ISIS did. Look what all of them do. They go down and they rip. They go into museums and they break everything and they rip everything. They want to take away your past. They're not taking away the past of the United States of America. Not as long as I'm here. What do you want? Do you want me to go back on teleprompter anybody? Okay. Here's the question. My poor guy must be having a fit. He's over there. He's so good at this stuff. He's on line three. … Good at this stuff. He's on line three. He said, "Sir, should I use turn the sucker off? Would you rather go teleprompter or freelance?" Isn't it nice when you have the option because you have this and you have the option to go either? See, Joe doesn't have the option. He doesn't have the option. But if Biden wins, China wins, and it's very simple. It's very simple. By contrast, I rescued the Minnesota Iron Range, I did that. Just so you know, O-Biden. I call him O-Biden, it's too long to say Obama and Biden, so I just go, O-Biden, because I don't care about… Everyone said, "Oh no, he's in trouble. Obama's now campaigning." Hey, he campaigned last time harder than Hillary. I said, "No, I want him to campaign because he brings out the base." He brings out our base. And I'm only here because of him and Joe. I'm only here because of him. I could right now be having a very beautiful life of luxury, and here I am at the hangar in Minnesota with 15 or 20 or 25,000 people. And thousands of people that couldn't get in, and I'm working my ass off. I could be at home having a good time, wonderful time. But the one thing I said is- We want trump. We want Trump. We want Trump. But I say this. I say this look, I could be home. So home was New York. I had to bail out because it was too crazy, everything has fallen apart. But home, it's so sad what the democrats have done to our great New York. Between a governor and a mayor, the crime is through the roof, the corruption is incredible, it's a sad thing that's happened to New York. Hopefully it'll come back by somebody. Somebody will go in there and do like a Rudy. You know when Rudy took over, it was so bad and they were looking for somebody and they thought he was the guy because he was a tough guy. But somebody has to go in and clean it up. This mayor, he let go of a billion dollars worth of police. He actually believed the nonsense about defunding the police. And they're all going to do it. They're all going to do it. And New York people are going to do it. I'm being totally serious now. You've got to go out and you've got to vote for Trump. You got to break this spell from 1972. You saw Kenosha. What we did for other places, you saw the Kenosha, and that was gone. That was all gone. That place was gone. We sent in the troops, it was incredible what we did, and they did it on day three. Day three is better than two weeks later, like in Minneapolis. But they did it, and we've done a great job and the people of that great state, they understand it, and I just hope the people of your state of Minnesota understand it because we don't have too many more chances with this stuff. We really don't. We don't have the luxury of sitting back and saying, "Let's have four years of this maniac, vice president that he picked who treated him worse than any other person. That's why I say the one person that he won't pick… My great instincts, right? The one person he won't pick is Kamala because she called him a racist, she tried to me-too him. He was me-too'd. "I've just been me-too'd Darling, what does that mean?" But they tried to me-too him. And she was the one that brought it up. Remember Tara? She was the one that brought it up, and then he goes, "Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to pick… Wait a minute, let me get her name here. How do you pronounce it? It's with a comma, like a comma, right? Like a comma." Remember he couldn't pronounce her name? He was saying her name wrong, and she had to interrupt him. No, my name is Kamala. Like comma. I remember that. Like a comma. H1N1, that's right, Joe. Remember that Joe, H1N1. And how bad did he do in that though? How about that? How bad did he do? So come to think of it, he's out there now today. It was pathetic. By the way, did you see the Anderson Cooper thing last night? You have to watch. I don't want to watch, but I have an obligation. I'm competing against somebody. You don't want to compete and say, "I'm not going to watch my competition, who wouldn't?" It's boring, but I got to watch. And he got through it. He met a couple of really… The chicken thing was bad. He said chicken many, many times, and it was a little strange that I thought it was over and he pulled it back. He was able to pull it back. But Anderson is a… And he interviewed me, he's tough. You know, he can be tough, nothing against him. He could be very tough, but last night he was in rare form. He was, "Thank you very much for being here, Mr. Vice President, are you enjoying the run?" And compare that with my shot, where they asked me about doing ABC with George Stephanopoulos. I think it was great. I think it worked out great. You know what I call it? Debate prep. I call that free debate prep. But you know it's nasty, it's a little nasty that people… and I didn't say, "No, you got to change the rules. No, give me the questions. I want to use a teleprompter to answer." How about that though? Mr. Vice President, I'd like to know your feeling on nuclear warfare and how does that relate to China and Russia and where are they in the race? Well, you can't have this as your president. I don't care. Forget about me. You can't do this. The importance and the power of this position are too great. You can't do it. I've learned a lot as president. But one thing I learned is that President Xi of China is sharp. You ever see him standing with the two million men walking in front, everybody's the same height, they're wearing hats, everyone's like a pool table, right? And he's standing there by himself, and he's looking like he's not playing games. There's no games, he's sharp as you can be. And I had a great relationship, but now I feel differently. We made a great trade deal, and now I feel differently. But he's a sharp as you can be. Putin as sharp as you can be. Kim Jong Un, we would have been in a war with North Korea 100%. I asked Obama, "Did you ever call him?" He said that was the toughest problem we had. And we get along. Remember about a month ago, two months ago, they broke into the demilitarized zone and they said, "Oh, he's going to attack." I said, "No, he's not. Don't worry about it." I got to know him very well. We have a good relationship. People said, "He has a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, that's terrible." I said, "No, that's good." But you remember it was going to be a nuclear war, and I got along with him. Then they said, "Trump made a terrible deal. He's given so much to North Korea." What did I give? I was at like a semi debate with his idiot, a reporter. "He's given a lot to North Korea." "What did I give?" "I don't know." Sanctions, sanctions. You took away. No, I didn't. Actually, I increased the sanctions very substantially. What did you give? What did I give? Tell me. So after about four days they couldn't ask because I gave nothing except I gave heart because I don't want to see people killed on their side either. I don't want to see people killed. We'd win that. We'd win them all. We have the greatest weapons right now ever conceived by man. We've rebuilt our military to a level that nobody ever thought possible. And then the fake news. And I said that a couple of weeks ago, remember I said, "We have created the most powerful weapons known to man." It's true. We have weapons that are so advanced that President Xi, Putin, everybody, we're the envy of the world. But they don't know quite what we have, but they know we have stuff that they never even heard of before. And some schmuck back there said, "I think he's given away classified information." Now, all I'm doing is telling the world, we have the most powerful weapons in the world. I'm not even saying what kind. You don't even want to know about it. And God help us if we ever have to use them. But we have the most powerful weapons ever conceived by man. They have the missile, the super-duper, hydro sonic, I call it the super-duper, it goes five times faster than a normal missile, right? We have one goes much faster than that. But Russia got that information from the Obama administration. Russia stole that information. You knew that. Russia got the information and they built it. But we have now one that's much faster than that. That's like a slow missile. That's like considered a slow missile. But I said it was incredible. Two weeks ago I said, "We have the finest, the best, the most incredible, sadly, the most deadly, and we never want to use it, but we have the greatest weapons ever in history by a factor of 10, by a factor of 10." And they went crazy. "He's given away classified." These people are sick. All I'm doing is saying that we rebuilt our military $2.5 trillion all built in the USA, every single ounce of it. We have fighter jet, F-35 that are so good, you can't see it. And I went to see the program, and I met some of the pilots and these guys are better looking than Tom Cruise. They're tougher. They're stronger. They're bigger. They're more powerful. They're smarter. And I like Tom cruise by the way, because you can't get much better than Top Gun, right? Great movie. You can't get better. I like Tom cruise. But these guys are better looking than Tom. They got that crew cut, they got the crap under their eyes, they got the whole deal. They're smart as hell. So I said, "So captain, let me ask you, how good is the F-35?" "They're really good Sir, best plane we've ever had all great." I said, "How do you compare that with what Russia has?" "Well, ours is better for a specific reason, Sir. You can't see it." "What does that mean?" "Well, when we fight, they cannot see us, that we are so stealth." Now that doesn't mean in three years that it won't be obsolete because that's what happens. That's the problem with that business. You come up with a new computer and two weeks later it's obsolete. That's why I always like real estate, and grab a piece of real estate. But no, it's true. I wouldn't be good in that business. You get to work, work, work, and then you're starting the next one because the last one is gone. That's why I always talk about walls and wheels. When the Democrats were saying, "Walls are old fashioned." Well, they're right about that. But they work. Remember that? All we had to go through in Congress? And that wall is going up, think of that. We're building 10 miles a week, 10 miles a week of the top. And our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been. The best they've ever been. Well, we're building 10 miles of wall a week. We're up to about 330 miles, and we'll have it finished very soon, and it's having a tremendous impact on drugs. It's having a tremendous impact on all of the different things. Human trafficking in women. It's not even children. They're trafficking women, it's because of the internet. You think of that as almost an ancient kind of a crime, right? But it's not. It's a very modern crime and it's an unbelievably profitable crime. They're trafficking women, little bit children, but mostly women. Where they'll put three or four women in the back in the trunk of a car and they'll go through the border. They can't do it anymore. And we're catching them. We have people that do nothing but look for the traffickers. To me, the traffickers are the biggest scum of the world. And thank heavens for ICE, and thank heavens for border patrol because these people do a job that you don't want. I know Mike doesn't want it. You wouldn't even be good at it, Mike, he'll do a commercial about it. That's what he'll do. Does he have the longest commercials in history? I say, Mike Lindell. I say, Mike, the pillow man. I say, Mike is the single greatest purchaser of commercials in history. I want him to buy my commercials. I say, "You know, we spent $20 million, I sell like two commercials." He spends $2 and he's got the whole day on Fox. I said, let Mike buy our commercials. Will you? I don't know what the hell you do, but whatever it is, you better tell me the secret. Greatest purchaser of commercials. But we have done some job with that. And the traffickers and drugs are way down. Now we got upset with the pandemic, but I watched Biden today talking about, "If only Trump moved one week sooner. One week." So let's go, ready? So, you know he was against the ban, right? Because he didn't think we had a problem. So he was against the ban. He didn't know that China was heavily infected. He doesn't even know where China is, in my opinion. But he was against the ban. These guys write stuff out for him, and he tries to read it. Doesn't do well with it. So he was against it, but now his new thing is, if only I moved one week earlier, but I was earlier than everybody. If you think about it. I had nice guy, Dr. Fauci, I had another nice, got a lot of doctors. They were all telling me, "No, no, you don't have to do that." Tom knows that very well. "You don't have to do that, Sir. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that at all." And one of those things, I was very early and I banned and everybody admits that had I not banned highly infected Wuhan province, right? Highly infected, we would have had hundreds of thousands of more deaths. And then you had the chart. I put it up yesterday, I'm doing these news conferences. We're finally getting the word across that we did a great job, but I'm doing news conferences now every day. I call them the highly rated news conferences. And I go before these crazy people, they're screaming like maniacs. It's not the way they treat Sleepy Joe. He'd melt. If they ever did a number on, this guy would be there he'd be laying on the floor crying, "Get me out of here, Darling. Where is my wife? Get me out of here, please, Darling. They're so nasty to me today. What happened?" We go through it every single day. But you think about it, and he said, "If only Trump moved faster," but he's the one that two months later called me xenophobic, and he called me a racist because I was banning China, which was heavily infected. And then he said, "Don't ban Europe." Well, I looked at Italy, big problem. I love Italy. I love the people of Italy, but they were heavily infected. France, I looked at France, I looked at Spain, they even had spikes recently. Did you see? And we're doing great. We're rounding it with or without, but we're going to have with, but you know, with his better, but with or without, we're rounding that corner, and we're rounding it fast and they don't want to give us any credit because they want to keep this up 'til November 4th. And on November 4th, the press will probably say, let's say something stupid happened. The press will say, "I got to admit he did a damn good job." And the other clown will be in office. We did a thing called price transparency. I signed it. It's effective, also very complicated. It's on your medical. And we did price transparency. It's the biggest thing. It's bigger than healthcare. Where you see your prices. You can go now to hospitals, you can price operations, you can price everything. It's a massive thing. The man who did it… And I took a lot of heat, and I'm doing favorite nations drugs, meaning whatever the lowest in the world is, we have to pay the same. That's the good news. The bad news is the drug companies, the doctors everybody's angry at me. Actually under price transparency, the good hospitals and the good doctors benefit tremendously, but the bad ones don't, and you have price transparency. And it goes into effect on January 1st. Could you imagine if this sleepy guy gets in and they say like, February, March, April something. They say unbelievable what happened to prices, it's dropping like crazy. And they'll say, what a job he's doing this president? And I'm the one that signed it. I said, could you put it into effect but statutorily? It has to mature, mature, mature. So the earliest I could get is January 1st. It's like crazy. You know another one? I'll give you another one. I'll give you another one. So Air Force One, so that's the 757, but they have a 747, which is the big Air Force One. I think that just disrespected the people of Minnesota today, they gave us the little one. No, actually it's because of the runway. In fact, when we landed, they said, "Sir, we have a very short runway, could you please hold on? I said, "I trust these pilots." By the way, these pilots are the best pilots. When you fly the president of the United States. Wait a minute, he's waving from the window. When you fly the president of the United States, you are the best flyer. They take the best air force guys, they take the best Marines in the helicopters, Marine One. But when you're flying these planes, you can land that sucker, you have no problem. There's no, mishits. There's no, "Let's go around. I can't quite make it, Sir." These guys are phenomenal. You've got to see what they look like. Everyone's in perfect shape. I look at him, central casting, every one of them they're great. Thank you fellas. Thank you. But I'll tell you a little story. So Air Force One is a very old plane. It's beautiful, but it's an old 747, right? It's 31 years old and other people didn't want to do it, but it was time to get a new one. It was time. You got to get a new plane. And actually Air Force One, I'll give you a little secret, it's actually two planes. They get two. It's a hell of a way to travel. If one's not working perfect, you use the other one. But they get two. So Air Force One, they negotiated a price and they had it down for $5.7 billion, that was not sounds expensive, and it's ridiculous, but that was done by the Obama administration. It was done by the Obama administration. And that's okay. But no administration Obama, Bush, they didn't want to do it because it sounds luxury. But at some point you got to buy a plane for the country. And these Arab countries would have their beautiful 747, 800s, 900s pour in, and they were gorgeous. And believe it or not, the new plane is a much bigger plane. Much bigger wingspan, it's a much more beautiful plane, it's modern. I think of a 31 years old, Air Force One is 31 years old, the main Air Force One, not this. This is a great plane, but the big one 31 years old. So you're representing the country, but they didn't want to do it because it shows luxury for two planes, in all fairness. Now it's very technical, there's a lot of stuff. I won't talk about it because I don't want to give away any classified information. Just trust me, some more sophisticated sucker you've ever seen in your life. I think you're getting into a plane that cost 5.7 billion. Right? But it's the most sophisticated, two planes. So I said, "How much is it? A general came, and an air force general, great guy, handsome guy. They're all so good looking these people. I said, "So general, what are we paying? What's the price?" " Sir, it's $5.7 million and we're ready to go, Sir, could you sign it?" It sounds like a lot of money to me, General, 5.7 million for two airplanes. Can we get a better price?" "No, sir. This was negotiated by the Obama administration. The Obama administration. This was negotiated, Sir, by Barack Hussein Obama." And I said, "Oh, that's good. It sounds very high. So here's what I'm going to do. Tell Boeing we're not taking the plane. We have no interest in, it's too much." This is what I did. By the way, this is one of many stories. Isn't this better than going and saying, "I saved your Iron Range?" And I say, "But please remember I did this too." And I can do away with this stuff, but I did this too. Please remember that because I have all this list of incredible things I've done for Minnesota, I won't even touch it because frankly I'm tired of repeating what I've done for all these different states. I mean, I did all this stuff and then I hear I'm nine down. I don't believe it by the way, suppression. So I said to the general, I said, "General, 5.7 billion, not million, billion. That sounds very high to me general. I bought a lot of planes in my life and a lot of helicopters. I know a lot about it. How could it be five?" "Sir, that's the best price they could get. We only have one day to do it." I said, "Cancel it General. Cancel the order." It was signed actually. "Yes, Sir." I said, "Do you have the right to cancel it?" "Yes, sir. I do." We negotiated a great deal. I said, "Oh good. Cancel it." "Yes, sir. I'm pleased to tell you something, Sir. We have a breakup fee. We made a great deal, Sir." I said, "You did? Oh, you have a breakup fee. You mean you can't just cancel it for nothing? Then cancel it. You don't have to pay a breakup fee. I know about breakup fees." "No, Sir, we have a breakup fee." "Okay. How much is it?" "Sir, we can break it up for $250 million." I said, "Wait a minute. So you mean to tell me that to cancel the order costs $250 million?" In other words, we give them $250 million, we get nothing. I said, "General, don't cancel the order. Just tell him I'm very unhappy." This is what these guys. They're good businessmen, by the way. These guys, right here, Mike, they might be better than you. I don't even know. He may be the next governor. Mike Landell, maybe you should run. You should run. He is my complete and total investment. You should run. He'd be a hell of a governor. At least, you know one thing. Minnesota would be well promoted. Mike, run for governor, please. So he says, "It's $250 million. It's 250, Sir, I'm so proud of that." I said, "You may be proud, but I'm not." So I said, "General, don't give them notice because I don't want to write a check for 250 and getting nothing. I don't think I could explain that to the American public. So tell them you're really unhappy, we're not going to make the deal, but just do it verbally." And, "Yes, sir." And then I spoke to the head of Boeing, a very nice guy. They had some rough times since then. They had a couple of really bad things happen. Terrible, really terrible. This was early on before the problems that they had. But he is, he's a high quality guy. And I said to him, "Dennis, we have to start it with a… It's got to have a three on the front of it." What do I know? I just know that if they're 5.7, and if I do something with a three. He said, "No, I can bring it down to 5.5 billion." So I say, "Well, that's not bad. I save $200 million in about a minute and a half phone call. So so far I'm not good, but it's not good enough. I'm not happy." I said, "No, we got to really think about canceling it." And I can't go to Airbus, which is made in Europe. It's a little hard, I got to go to their competitor. I can't say I'm going to buy the Air Force One from a European company that doesn't work too well. My only option was to say, "Look, I just don't want to just put it aside." He calls me up a few days later. "Well, we can do a little bit better than that." I said, "Dennis, has to have a three in front of it, Dennis." Got to have a three. Like a three, three anything, but got to have a three in front of it. So he said, "No, no, no." After one month, we signed a contract for $3.9 billion. Same exact one. Actually slightly better, we got an extra generator. And then Boeing came to me, and I love to negotiate. I do. Got that from my father. My father was a good negotiator and I love to negotiate. So they came to me, "Sir, we can put an extra stairway." This is the big 747. And remember this is a big, much bigger than the old 747. "Sir, it gets very windy up there. I noticed that your hair's blown all over the place. But we can buy a stairwell for the plane. And it comes under, it's like a corkscrew right at the bottom of the plane." You're very high off the ground, big, big thing. "And it opens up, and if it's raining or windy, you're covered, Sir, because it's under the plane. You're totally sheltered." I said, "That sounds great. So it's a corkscrew stairwell." I said, "How much is that general?" "50." I said, "50, what a deal, So for $50,000 I can get a stairway?" "No, sir. $50 million." I said, "Forget about the stairwell. Forget it." He said 50. I really thought he meant $50,000. So these are just some little stories. I guess I must like Minnesota to go on one of these deals. But boy, did you get your money's worth tonight? Is anybody having a bad time? Did you get your money's worth? Because you've heard the other one. We've done this, and we've cut your taxes, and we built up the military bigger and better. And we're the number one in history in regulation cuts, which is the biggest thing. And the judges, which we've done at a level like nobody's ever done, everything we've done. Nobody has done more in three and a half years, no administration three and a half. Those first three and a half years, nobody even comes close. And you know, it's a funny thing. I say it all the time. I've been saying it for a long time and the fake news, nobody even questions me about it. And you know if I was wrong, they would, but they can't question me because when you see right to try, we took care of our vets. We just got a 91% approval rating from the vets 91. It's never happened before. We got choice approved, we got accountability approved, drugs are way down. We've got a little setback with this whole situation where these shutdowns cause a lot of problems with drugs, a lot of everything, but drugs were way down. We had our best year in the history of our country last year. And we're going to have a better year coming up. That's why you have an obligation to vote for the guy that got you there. And remember this, and I really appreciate this, thank you. But I appreciate this because nine democrat mayors of cities in the Iron Range have endorsed me over Sleepy Joe. What do you like better? Sleepy Joe or Slow Joe? What's better? Let's do a poll. We do a poll. We do a poll. I do free falls. You know, these polls, they charge you a fortune for this stuff. They interviewed three people and then they charge you a million dollars. We interviewed 233 people, I got thousands of people at least for free. What do you like better as nickname? Slow Joe or Sleepy Joe? So let's go. Wait, Slow Joe first. Okay? So just scream if you like it. So you have a choice, Slow Joe, they're both very appropriate. Slow Joe or Sleepy Joe, ready? Slow Joe. I think we're going to have a winner here. Sleepy Joe based steel, real crap. It wasn't that, but when you think of it, they wrote it out. You didn't have environmentally the right. Somebody said, "Oh, well he got a bit because he was good with negotiating with these other countries." It wasn't that. I opened it up. I signed an order. I signed an executive order because Obama took your Iron Range and Biden took your Iron Range away. And I'll never forget. The day I did it, and Tom was there, a man, I don't know who he is, he's probably in this massive audience, but he came up to me and he was a rough guy and he never cried in his life, including at childbirth. He didn't cry at childbirth, but he was crying. And he said, "Sir, you gave our life back to us because Obama took our heart out when he closed up the Iron Range." He said you gave our heart back. It's true. So I just want to thank those cities. When a democrat mayor, and we have now a lot of… Now we have additional. So these are democrat politicians and two weeks ago they endorsed us, and it's a great thing. We're finding that all over the country. Democrats for Trump. Politicians that got elected as democrats, I don't think they changed their party affiliation, but they endorsed Trump. They're all in the Iron Range area. And Larry Cuffe is here. Larry Cuffe. Where's Larry? Where is he? Larry, how are you? Why did you do that, Larry? That's so nice. I appreciate it. Boy, are you good. I wish you had a mic. He said, "Because you're the best candidate we could ever…" I love this guy. Said you're the best candidate we could ever hope for. Thank you Larry, that's beautiful. I appreciate it. We'll do a good job. We're not going to let you down. And they're doing a good job over there. So dig in, dig in, dig we must, right? It's all going because of me. That's cool, man. Thank you. No, he signed an executive order shutting it down. Just shutting it down. And I hear it's got the best iron ore anywhere in the world. That's what I hear. The quality is the best. … or anywhere in the world. That's what I hear. The quality is the best. And it's like an unlimited amount. I'm talking about a little, this is a massive operation with thousands of people and everything else. And for me, it was very easy. Andrea Zupancich, where is she? Where's Andrea? Thank you very much. That's really nice. I'm glad that at least you got a good location, right? That's great. I appreciate it very much. You're all friends I guess. Chris Vreeland, where's Chris? Chris Vreeland. Chris? Where's Chris? The mayor? Thank you, Chris. Thank you, Chris. Thank you very much. Kathy Brandau. Kathy Brandau. Thank you, Kathy. I hope you're having a good time tonight. We're not going to let you down. You know that. We're open. That sucker is open. We're not closing it. Well, think of this though. If Biden gets in, it's closed. He said he's going to close it. How about this guy? No fracking. You're not going to frack. Onstage with all these crazy people and they don't want any energy. They think everything's going to run by wind, which costs you a fortune, about 20 times more than what we have and doesn't work. But think of it, all of these people… And they say, "What about fracking? Fracking is the modern technology. And so they all said, "No, no, we're all against… everyone's against fracking. What about you?" Yes, I'm against it too. Now he's against it for months. He gets it, now he's in favor of it. But he's sort of grandfathering it. You know, it's a very weak… Well, I like to grandfather fracking. If I'm a fracker, I don't want to be grandfather. I want to have it or not have it, right? He wants to grandfather fracking. Always go with their first statement, okay? So I was in Texas two weeks ago, we had crowds. Mike, we had crowds that went from the airplane to the well, to the drilling well, where we went to see a well. And we saved the industry because I got Russia and Saudi Arabia to cut back 10 million barrels. It actually was probably 18. Ended up being, I think, 18.5 million barrels. And it saved the industry. And yet you're still paying very low gasoline prices at the pump, but we saved 10 million jobs. But I'm in Texas, and let me tell you, Texas appreciated it because that industry was in deep trouble because all of a sudden with the pandemic, there was no demand. There was nobody driving, there was no demand. Nobody ever saw anything like it. So I'm in Texas and I said to the crowd, it was a great crowd, and we must have had a hundred thousand people on the road, on the highways and roadways waving. And they had the most beautiful Trump flags. I wanted to stop, "Where did you buy that flag?" The most beautiful flags of me and our great vice president. Is Mike Pence doing a good job by the way? He did such a great… he worked 29 hours a day. I mean, this guy works day and night. He worked not the 24. He worked 24 plus least five, okay. This man is a worker and he's a wonderful human being. And when they try it, a guy like Biden that can't carry his jockstrap. When Biden goes, "Oh, they should have closed one week earlier", and here's the guy that said I made a mistake when I banned China that nothing's going to happen. It's so phony. This politics is a very phony business. I haven't been doing it long. I told one of the senators that came in, he came into my office there, " I've been doing this for 30 years. I've won many elections, I've only lost twice in my life. I've been a Senator for a long time. I know what I'm doing, sir". I said, "Yeah, and I've done it for four years. And I've only won one election, but it's for the president of the United States." I remember a certain man on television that didn't like me too much. He said, "They put together the greatest field ever assembled, the Republicans, remember? 17 plus me. They put together the greatest field of talent ever assembled. I hear Trump wants to come in. He's not going to do it number one. Number two, if he does, he's just doing it for fun and he'll be out by September and then he'll go about leading his life, but he's not going to do it. But we don't really need him because this is the greatest single assemblage of talent ever assembled for one party." The greatest talent he's ever seen. And then I did it and just week after week, one out, two out, three out, four out. And then we've done changes. Oh, he said, "He can't do it because he doesn't have any experience." But I actually do on the other side. I contributed to politics. I always found it very interesting. So in a certain way, I had a lot of experience probably. Maybe I had too much experience. That's why I can tell you about AOC. Check out the $2 million please, check it out, check it out. Check out Omar, check out Omar, get to that great writer, he should get… Oh, so the New York Times won all these Pulitzer prizes, right? I was going to tell you before. All these Pulitzer prizes, these people, and they all got it wrong, right? They got for Russia, Russia, Russia. We give the Pulitzer prize. I won't use names. I won't use names, but we give the Pulitzer prize to the New York Times. They got it wrong. We give the Pulitzer prize to the Washington Post and all of these real sleazebags. I have to be honest with you. Very dishonest people, very dishonest. I call it the Amazon Washington Post. He uses that as his lobbyist because he owns the Washington Post. He gets crap that other people wouldn't get, okay. That means it's a lobby. It's a lobbyist deal. But they got the prize, right? They got the Pulitzer prize. All the guys that got it right, that really got it right, they all got it wrong, totally wrong. And they should return the Pulitzer prize. And Pulitzer association, the committee should ask for those prizes back. They got it all wrong. They were a hundred percent wrong. There was no collusion. They couldn't believe. Remember the day when it was announced after three years, there is no collusion. I could have told them that a day one, they could have saved 48 million dollars. They got the Pulitzer. And then you take guys so many, so many. Solomon, Sara Carter, Bongino. How about Dan Bongino? So many, so talented guys. How about that great gentlemen who wrote The Witch Hunt? Remember that? That was the first, right? You know what I'm talking about. He's fantastic. All great. These people should have won the Pulitzer prize. Now I would say Sean Hannity and Lou Dobbs and Laura and Tucker. In all fairness, Tucker was very good. Tucker was great, but these are all people that got it right. Now they don't do I guess the Pulitzer prize for that stuff, but they probably should. But these guys all got it right. And all they did was get a lot of money because they're very successful, and that's okay I guess. But they should give the Pulitzer prize to the people that got it right and they should withdraw from all of those writers, many of whom are back there right now, all of those writers, they should do that. And a candidate for Congress, Michelle Fischbach, who's supposed to be fantastic. And Michelle has my complete and total endorsement. But Jason, you're in good shape, wow. You're in better shape than these Congressman Jase. By the way, Jason is fantastic and he's doing a fantastic… Where's Michelle? Is she there? Be careful. It's not worth the broken legs. Look at her. Oh, she's a warrior, I can tell. Come on up. But thanks, Michelle. And they have my complete endorsement. They're great people. They love your state. They love our country. So just in conclusion, I want to say that over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. And you probably heard me today. It used to be Puerto Rico did tremendous dollars in medical supplies. And then what happened? They made a lot, they did a good job, and Obama Biden destroyed it. They took away the incentive, all of the taxes. And they took away the incentive and Puerto Rico went down a long way. We'll get some of that back to Puerto Rico and we'll get it back for us. Take it away from China. You heard that, yes? They took it away. And then people automatically vote. It's like a habit. Will I vote for the Democrat? The Democrat was so bad to you. And how bad were the Democrats to Israel? We did Jerusalem, right? We broke up the Iran deal, right? And then they vote for a Democrat. It's out of habit, but I think the habits, we're breaking those habits very quickly. But we've helped Puerto Rico and we've really helped… If you look at what we've done for Israel, it's been incredible. They say nobody's done more. And it's my honor. But we'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, which are a disaster. We'll appoint tough on crime prosecutors. We will nominate judges and justices who interpret the constitution as written. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. And that's why the Supreme court is so important. The next president will get one, two, three, or four Supreme court justices. I had two. Many presidents have had none. They've had none because they're there for a long time. They tend to be appointed young. They're there for a long time. But the next one we'll have anywhere from one to four. Think of that. That will totally change when you talk about life, when you talk about second amendment, when you talk about things that are so important to you. You're going to be stuck for 40 years, 35 years, a long time. So this is going to be the most important election, in my opinion, in the history of our country. You got to get it right. Because if you don't get it right, we will not have a country anymore. You're not going to have a country. Not as we know it. You won't have a country anymore. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, horrible, endless foreign wars. Countries you've never heard of. Coming home. We will maintain America's unrivaled military mind, and we will ensure peace through strength. This is what we have now. Peace through strength. Remember what I told you about those weapons, we don't want to use ever, we don't want to use those weapons. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, January 1st. He doesn't even have to do anything now. I'll be so angry if he… They'll say, "What a job he's done on transparency, can you believe it?" And he won't even know what transparency is. And it's complex. And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs. We've done that already. We will strongly protect Medicare and social security, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. And we brought NASA back. NASA, when I got in three and a half years ago, grass was growing through the cracks of the runway. It was over, it was closed. It was nothing. Now it's the number one space center in the entire world by a factor of five. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. You know that the Democrat national convention and the pledge of allegiance at a caucus, two of them, not one. I heard the first one, I said, "Oh, they must've made a mistake." They left under God out of the pledge of allegiance. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now they then said, "Oh, well we didn't mean that." They meant it. That's what they're going to do. They're going to take God out of it. Just like I was saying before, Texas, they don't want God, they don't want oil, they don't want guns. I don't think they're going to do too well in Texas. Do you agree with that? I don't think they're going to do too well in Minnesota either. No, but could you imagine you're campaigning, and it doesn't play too well here, but could you imagine you're in Texas and you have a guy say, "No oil, no God, no guns. Oh, I think I'm going to vote for Joe Biden, everybody." And then they say, "Texas is in play, it's a very close…" I have a friend in Texas. He said, "I think you're winning by 15 points." These people are crazy. Texas is in play. They don't want to let you have oil. Think of it. It's unbelievable. Texas is in play. That's the fake news back there. They said it last time too. Remember? Texas, when they say in play, that means it's too close to call. It's in play. Too close. We've heard that for a long time, in play, right? Too close to call. And they said it four years ago, "Texas is in play. This could be a terrible defeat, losing Texas. Big state, great state. This would be a tremendous defeat." And they said it about Ohio too. I think we won by like nine points. Right? They said Ohio is in play. Utah's in play. We won by a lot. Remember we beat a guy named McMuffin. Remember the guy? He was going to take the state of Utah. And then he was going to be able to negotiate. But that didn't work out. He came in third. Even Hillary beat him. But they said Texas is in play. And I'd go around telling my people, "Damn it, Texas is in play, how the hell? Every time I go there, I have 35,000 people at the stadium, how could it possibly be in play?" They said it's in play. My people would say, "I don't think so." And we had a big Texas rancher. He was on one of the shows. He was wearing a big, beautiful hat. I wish I could wear those hots. It wouldn't work for me too well. I don't think it works for me, right? But it worked for him. And he said, "I don't know too much about a lot, but I know one thing. Texas is not in play. And this guy is going to win Texas by a hell of a lot of votes." And that's what happened that night, the night of the election. The night of the election, they called the results. I've been listening for six months, "Texas is so close, we can't even imagine it it's so close. This is big." And they only call the election immediately if you win in a landslide, it's got to be tremendous. And they said, "Texas has closed its doors. Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has won the state of Texas." They didn't even say the polls were closed. They forgot to say the polls were closed. I wanted to say. I said, "How come I won?" I called my people, "How could I have won? It was so close they called it before they even said the doors closed." And I heard from the governor of Texas, great guy, Greg Abbott. I said, "How are we doing compared to four years ago?" We did great four years ago, big, big win. He said, "Sir, you're doing much better." But these guys keep saying it's in play. It's the same way that I'm down nine points in Minnesota. If I lose Minnesota, if I lose Minnesota, Jason, I'm going to blame Jason if I lose. Boy, we almost had it last time. But we did the right thing. We went to Michigan, we won Michigan, first time in many, many years, that Michigan was won. It's a great state. For years you had a president who apologized for America. And now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for Minnesota. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote. And you know it's starting today in Minnesota. That's why I'm here. It started today. Go out of here. You know what? If they're closed, what the hell time is it now? If they're closed, just stand in line like you do. People were here two days ago trying to get in here. It's crazy. So do the same thing at the voting booth, please. From St. Paul to St. Cloud, from Rochester to Duluth, and from Minneapolis, thank God we still have Minneapolis, to right here, right here with all of you great people, this state was pioneered by men and women who braved the wilderness and the winters to build a better life for themselves and for their families. They were tough and they were strong. You have good genes. You know that, right? You have good genes. A lot of it's about the genes, isn't it? Don't you believe? The resource theory you think was so different? You have good genes in Minnesota. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury, but they had grit, they had faith, and they had each other. That's what you have now. You have each other. They were miners and lumberjacks, fishermen and farmers, shipbuilders and shopkeepers. But they all had one thing in common. They loved their families, they loved their countries, and they loved their God. Proud citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. And don't forget, you went through years where you weren't winning, right? Years and years, they closed down. Even with Obama, he closed that iron. I think he just wanted to get even with you, I don't know. He wasn't good. Not a good… We've knocked out about 84% of the things he did. Then you say, "I wonder if he likes me?" But you're getting used to winning and you're going to see winning like you've never seen before. You had your best year and you're going to win so much. You've heard this, right? I haven't said it in a long time because we've been doing a lot of winning, but you're going to win so much. And you're going to send Jason to the US Senate. And you're going to keep winning and winning and winning. You're going to win on trade, you're going to win on the military. You're going to win on everything you touch. Minnesota is going to keep on winning and you're going to get tired of winning because Minnesota doesn't want to win all the time. Your football team is going to win in the big 10 they say, right? No, we are going to keep on winning in Minnesota. And you're going to get so tired you're going to say, "Jason, Jason, please, please Jason, go to the president. See him in the oval office. Stop him from winning. We're winning too much in Minnesota. We can't stand it. Jason, please, please Jason. Stop him from winning so much for Minnesota. We can't take it. We're not used to it because we went through years and years and years where it was tough", right? The mayors know that. That's why they all endorsed the president. And I'm going to look at Jason, I'm going to say, "No, Jason, I'm sorry. The people of Minnesota want to win, you're wrong, Jason. They want to win. We're going to keep on going, Jason, we're going to keep on winning. And they're going to be happy as hell, Jason." Get Jason in, he's a great guy. By the way, you have a Senator that he's running against. I won't even mention names. She does nothing, nothing. Nobody even knows who the hell she is. She goes to a meeting the other day, everyone's trying to figure out who is she? This guy… he even looks the role. Central casting, right? If you can get the look for free, that's good too. Right? But he's going to be fantastic. Tremendous guy, really successful. And he loves your state and he loves our country. So Jason, please knock them out. Knock them out. But you're going to win. We're one movement. We're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Minnesota, and you know what's going to be operating at strength? Because I owe it to these incredible mayors that were so nice to me. That was such a nice thing. And I didn't politick you at all. I never politicked you. I said how nice. And it's happening with so many other things. We have other endorsements from police forces that I never asked and all of a sudden they're coming from very hostile territory. So I just appreciate your being here. And I'm saying this for you and I'm saying it for all of you. Okay. Thank you. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you Minnesota, thank you.I want to thank you very much. North Carolina, thank you very much. I'm thrilled to back in the great city of Charlotte, where, by the way, we're having our convention. I guess you heard that, right? With thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country, cherish our values, respect our laws and always put America first. Eight months from now, we're going to defeat the radical socialists. We're going to win the great state of North Carolina in a landslide. We won it last time, we're going to win it this time by even more. And you know, Eric and Lara named their daughter, you know what her name is? Carolina, Carolina. Her name is Carolina for a reason. This is an incredible time for our nation. Our country is stronger than ever before. And today, we just had the largest one day increase in the stock market in history. That's great. That's great. That was great. You know, our opponents were saying, " Oh, maybe he's in trouble, maybe the economy … " They'll do anything. They'll do anything. I'm sure they were thrilled. Do you think our opponents were thrilled when they saw the stock market today? I don't think so. By the way, look at this. Look back there, look at all of that press. Look at all them. Man, I don't know if Sleepy Joe, or Bernie, I don't think they have that much press. Bernie was going wild. Why would I be here tonight? Why would I be here? He said why would I be here tonight? We don't have the primary, we've already won the thing, you know? I was going to say the you know what thing, I held it back, because they'll say, "Horrible language. He used horrible language today." But we're doing fantastically. There's never been a time where the Republican Party was so unified as it is now. Never, never. And you hear about enthusiasm for crazy Bernie, and that's true, he does have some enthusiasm, but much less than we have and a much smaller group of people, too. And there's not a lot of enthusiasm for Biden. I thought he gave up the presidency the other day because he said he's running for the Senate. I looked at the First Lady, I said, " Hey, he's running for the Senate." And today he just said Super Thursday, he's looking forward to Super Thursday. Jobs are booming in our country, incomes are soaring, poverty has plummeted, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of a thing called the United States military. Every day, for me and for you, it's promises made, promises kept. One of the most important promises I made is right to this era. You know, we look at it, it's the never ending wars in the Middle East. We're taking our soldiers, we're bringing them back home. We're not law enforcement. We're bringing them back home. American troops cannot be the policemen for the world, or to create democracy in other nations that frankly probably don't want it. The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country. Two days ago, the Unites States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict, and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation and taking care of our own American citizens And all of the things that we've done, we've wiped out the terrorists, we've done so much, and you know what? We're 8,000 miles away. You got a lot of big countries surrounding Afghanistan, you've got Afghanistan itself. The progress that was made, was made possible by the extraordinary valor of our men and our women in uniform. You know that. We pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice. As we bring back our troops, we are committed to ensuring that foreign terrorists are denied admission to America in the first place. They're not coming here, and if they do, bad things happen to them. We must keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. By the way, I have to say this, you know you have thousands and thousands of people outside. Somebody was saying that if Pocahontas, any one of them, Sleepy Joe, he doesn't have that, so he doesn't have a lot, he has very small crowds, but if Sleepy Joe or if any of them had a crowd one-tenth this size, they go around talking about how big the crowd. They never say that. Hey, take your cameras and spin them around this big arena. Right now. Spin them around. No fun to be a protestor at a Trump rally, but do we have a great time at a Trump rally? My administration has also taken the most aggressive action in modern history to protect Americans from the Coronavirus. You know about this whole thing? Horrible. Including, sweeping travel restrictions. Today, we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies, and they're really working hard, and they're working smart, and we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies. They're going to have vaccines I think relatively soon. And they're going to have something that makes you better, and that's going to actually take place we think even sooner. So a lot of good things are happening, but we have strong borders, and really, our tough and early actions have really been proven to be 100% right. We went out, we're doing everything in our power to keep the sick and infected people from coming into our country. We're working on that very hard. We closed our borders very early. I took a lot of heat for that. Remember when I closed the borders to certain areas of the world? I took a lot of heat. But there are fringe globalists who would rather keep our borders open than keep our infection, think of it, keep all of the infection, let it come in. And we're working with other countries. In all fairness, look, it's a problem, we're working with other countries. Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right? From 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected, and many people die. Think of it, 27,000. You lose 27,000 people to the common flu. It can be much more. One year was much higher than the 70,000 number. Those people died. So when you lose 27,000 people a year, nobody knew that. I didn't know that. Three, four weeks ago, I was sitting there, I said, "What do we lose with the regular flu?" They said, "About 27,000 minimum, goes up to 70, sometimes even 80, one year it went up to 100,000 people." I said, "Nobody told me that. Nobody knows that." Last year was approximately 36,000 people died. So we're working hard on it, and we're going to come up with some really great solutions. In the meantime, we're stopping … Only in North Carolina. Only in North Carolina. It can only be. How many people here are from South Carolina, by the way? All right, we love both places. But that was from North Carolina. But just to finish up, so we've made a lot of progress, we've really done a great job with it. We're keeping our borders strong. My job is to protect the health of American patients and Americans first, and that's what I'll do. Washington Democrats are trying to politicize the coronavirus, denigrating the noble work of our public health professionals. But honestly, not so much anymore. Everyone appreciates, these are the greatest professionals in the world at what they do. We're actually helping a lot of other countries where they have some very, very big problems. So we have our professionals in constant touch, I'm in constant touch with some of the leaders and helping them out. But the political attacks from some of the Democrats really must stop. We've got to all work together on this one to safeguard our people. We're going to safeguard our people, the United States. The United States is, right now, ranked by far number one in the world for preparedness. Earlier today, when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned honestly. The media didn't know. Nobody knew. They've never heard this before. And we learned a lot, and maybe that had the impact on the stock market. Who knows what happened, but we're going to reduce and the severity of what's happening, the duration of the virus. We discussed all of these things. We will bring these therapies to market as rapidly as possible. And I have to say, with a thriving economy the way it is, and the most advanced health system on earth, America is so resilient, we know what we're doing, we have the greatest people on earth, the greatest health system on earth. We have the greatest health system on earth. The renewal of American strength over the last three years means at times of challenge, we are the best prepared to rise to any occasion. No country is better equipped than America to handle new threats, and no people are more skilled, talented, tough, or driven than Americans. And together, we are in the midst of the great American comeback. That's what it is. Last month, we added 225,000 new jobs in January alone. That makes seven million jobs since the election. We have destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate, and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. He is dead. And we took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign on terror forever, Soleimani. While the extreme left has been wasting time with vile hoaxes and delusional witch hunts, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, and lifting up American citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. Tomorrow, voters in states across the nation will head to the polls for Super Tuesday, not Super Thursday. No, he said, "Super Thursday." You can't do these things. Can you imagine if I said Super Thursday? It would be over, right? I would be over. No matter how good you are at certain things, you can't, as an example, a name like Sleepy Joe, he's constantly naming the wrong state. "It's great to be in the state of Ohio." No, no, no, I'm sorry, you're in North Carolina. No, no. Joe! Do you ever see them run up with a sign, "No, no, North Carolina, Joe!" Once that happens, you might as well leave the states, because it's a disaster no matter how good you're doing. We're in North Carolina! It's great to be in Idaho! No, you're in Iowa. Nah, he makes a lot of those mistakes, they're a little scary? We're going to protect your second amendment, you understand that. But did you see, Sleepy Joe, did you see Sleepy Joe, where he said, "Last year, 150 million people were killed by guns in our country." 150 million! That means 50% of our country. That's a big story. 150. Can you imagine Trump saying that? These people would never let me live it down. We can't make even a little mistake. We can't make even a little, tiny, tiny mistake. If we make a tiny mistake, it's headlining. They say things like 150 million people killed, guns, they say Super Thursday, they say Georgia, he's looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow. Georgia's not in Super Tuesday! So many mistakes! You can't do that when you're negotiating with China. Can't do that when you're negotiating with these countries, can you? Those mistakes would be very tremendous. Then you have Mini Mike. You see this guy? Can you believe it? Mini Mike. He's being interviewed tonight on Fox. Can you believe it? Fox. They want to be politically correct. They want to interview, they end up interviewing more Democrats than Republic … I don't know what's going on with Fox. But they're interviewing this guy the night before … Mini Mike, ay, ay, ay, what a mess he is. The worst debate performance in the history of presidential debate history. The worst in history. Nah, I got to have more. I'd get down real low, but I don't want to copy him. Everybody saw it. Everyone said, "Oh," they all say, "Oh! Do that again where you get down low." But if I do that again, it's a copy. It's a copy! No, no. No. You never like to copy, even though you're copying yourself. You don't like to copy. You do it once. It was a big hit. But you do it once, and you sort of say, "That was nice, don't do it again," because if it doesn't work the second time, it gets embarrassing, right? Right? We all know. But no, he's a disaster waiting to happen. He's a mess. No matter which Democrat candidate you're talking about, and you understand that, any one of these candidates … And you see what's happening, right? It's being rigged against … It's sad. It's being rigged against Crazy Bernie. Crazy Bernie is going to go crazy. Crazy. I think Crazy Bernie is going to be more crazy when they see what they're doing. I called it a long time ago. Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Buttigieg, May Pete, he quit. Out last night. Then I hear a Senator from a state we're going to win, we're going to win that state, but she dropped out. Sounds like they made a deal. They both supported Sleepy Joe. You know why? They made a deal. You know why? Quid pro quo, that's why. Don't care. Quid pro quo. Quid pro quo, they made a deal. Impeach them! They should be impeached! They should be impeached! Quid pro quo. But they've embraced an extreme left wing agenda. Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty. You know that. The Democrat Party has gone crazy. Whether it's Bernie Sanders plan to eliminate private healthcare, Elizabeth Pocahontas's plan … By the way, she's history. She's history. I came up with that name far too early, I should've just waited. But it didn't matter. I thought she was making a come back. I said, "Wow, I just did it to her." But you know those embers were burning a little bit a couple of months ago? They never caught on. In fact, she'll probably lose the State of Massachusetts to Bernie. So she doesn't know what to do because you're not supposed to lose the State of Massachusetts if you get in there. She's the Senator. She's the Senator for Massachusetts, I think she's going to lose it to Bernie. And Miss Michigan, you see what's going on over there? Michigan, we're leading. We're leading in Wisconsin. We're leading in Florida. We're leading in the last election. Hey, how great was the 2016 election? One of the greatest nights, one of the most highest rated television nights in the history of television. And remember, there was oh, this is going to be a quick one. This is going to be… oh, that wasn't so easy for them. I love the scene. The scene of that convention center where Hillary was getting ready to speak, and then she found out she lost. But Elizabeth Warren's here to plan to eliminate our borders, or Mini Mike's plan to eliminate your second amendment. Mike Bloomberg wants to eliminate your second amendment. Don't worry about it, it's not going to happen. Not going to happen for him. For sleepy Joe, he doesn't even know where he is, what he's doing, or what office he's running for. Actually, I honestly don't think he knows what office he's running for. And it doesn't matter. Maybe he gets in, because he's a little more moderate. So maybe he gets in. But he's not going to be running it. Other people are going to. They're going to put him into a home, and other people are going to be running the country. But they're going to be super left radical crazies. They're going to be super left radical crazies, Joe's going to be in a home. He'll be watching television. Everything will be just fine. The insanity of Washington Democrats is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement. They are joining our great Republican party. We have the enthusiasm in our party. No, I really mean it. I constantly hear about the enthusiasm. They're fighting each other, they hate each other, they don't know what's going on. We have all the love, we have all the enthusiasm, and we know what we're doing. We know what we're doing. So we're thrilled to be joined tonight by many really great, terrific, brilliant, wonderful warriors. Even though he comes from a slightly different state, but not to far by, is somebody that really has distinguished himself, he's become a great friend of mine. What he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One of the greatest statements ever made in the United State's Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham. Come on up, Lindsey. Lindsey Graham, come on up, Lindsey. Come here, Lindsey. I got to have him say something, come here, Lindsey, great guy. They handle pressure so well. They came and we gave a rally that was like this and Dan Bishop and Gregg Murphy won by so much, it wasn't even close. They're great people, and they've done a fantastic job. Thank you very much. They handle pressure. They were under a lot of pressure, they handled it well. It's nice to know people can handle pressure, there aren't too many of them. North Carolina Republican party chairman Michael Whatley. Thank you, Michael. I have a few great friends of mine and they love North Carolina. Louis DeJoy, who you know, Louis DeJoy. Two great people, diamond and silk. Right? Diamond and silk. We love them. You know the first lady, a long time ago now, right? How long is that? Probably almost almost five years ago, she said, "There are these two women on the internet, they're unbelievable. They're unbelievable." I said, "Oh, I know, I hear that all the time. I hear it all the time." She said, the next day she came again. She said, "I saw them again, they're unbelievable." I said, "Let me see." I saw them, I fell in love with it, and everybody fell in love with Diamond and Silk. So thank you. Some people that have really been helpful to me, Corey Lewandowski, David Bussey, and Pam Bondi, right here. Thanks also to all of the people who are working to make the 2020 Republican National Convention right here in Charlotte an outstanding success, RNC chairman Ronna McDaniel, RNC co chairman Tommy Hicks, and Convention president Marcia Lee Kelly, thank you all. You're doing a great job, I'll tell you they're looking, they're going to spend a lot of money and doing a good job. Should we doing a great job, but just an okay job? It doesn't matter as long as you win. You know what I gave when we won last time, somebody else took them to convention center, spent a fortune and I just took a hotel ballroom. I said, "What the heck, if I win, nobody cares, if I don't." Look if you win, nobody cares what room you're in. If you lose, nobody cares what room you're in. So we took a ballroom, nice ballroom, that's it, no big deal. I think it this way, if we win, nobody cares. And if we lose, I'm out of there, I save a hell of a lot of money. Every place that we've gone, it's been amazing. I'd also like to recognize, so important, a woman who's really helped us win North Carolina in 2016, I have a feeling this year, she'll even do better, because she happened to grow up here, Lara Trump and my son Eric Trump. Two great people. I mean I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much, but Lara has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job. She knows this state better than anybody in this room except maybe this guy right here. How are we doing, Lara? How are we doing? How are we doing in the state, are we doing good? And we're doing well in Pennsylvania I hear, and South Carolina, I know we're doing great there. Also with us tonight, is a man who's really become a good friend of mine. We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I didn't get along, I would not be here. I wouldn't do this. I think he's been tremendous. He's been a tremendous supporter and things that we've wanted to do, and fights that we've had which were so important, he's been right up, and Lizzie will tell you that he's been right up in front and really he deserves another six year term. Probably a lot longer than that, but he's going to come up and I'm going to ask Senator Thom Tillis, come on up. Thom has really been incredible, he's been working everyday. And he really wants to fight to the radical left and he does it and he knows how to fight, and take care of our amazing veterans, and stop illegal immigration. Thom is the champion for the people of North Carolina. This November, we need everybody to go and vote for Thom, he's doing great. He's doing great. I hear he's way up in the polls, he's way up in the polls. Thom, say a few words. "Get me off this stage. Get me off. You guys didn't tell me this was going to happen." No, that was great Thom. We're also honored to be joined tonight by a true American hero, a veteran of World War II and the Korean War who just turned 100 years old. His name is George Washington Perry, legit. George, thank you very much for being here. Thank you, George. 100 years. He's 100 and he looks good. Thank you, George. With the help of everyone here tonight, America has now become the hottest economy anywhere on the planet earth. Since my election over 219,000 new jobs have been created right here in North Carolina. We have lifted 10,000,000 people off of welfare, including 7,000,000 people off of food stamps. Median household income has reached the highest level ever recorded, think of that. The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history, that's happening, that's happening. The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached the lowest level in recorded history. Very important to me, African American youth unemployment has reached an all time low. African American poverty is that the lowest rate ever recorded. For decades democratic politicians betrayed, and they truly did, they betrayed African Americans. My administration is delivering for African Americans like never before. No president has done more for our black community, no president has done more for our black community, and it's an honor to do it. Last month here in Charlotte, we launched a nationwide campaign to create a better future for all Americans. It's called Opportunity Now, you know about it. We're also fighting to ensure that working families have access to paid family leave, reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40,000,000 american families an average of $2,200 thanks to the Republican child tax credit. The Republicans are claiming that we did that nobody else did, but the Democrats are saying, "How did they do that one?". The USMCA is a giant for North Carolina's incredible farmers and factory workers. And by the way, speaking of farms, factory workers, and small businesses, are all for the death tax. You know about the death tax, right? It's called the inheritance tax. You have a small farm some place, you have a small business, you have a nice business, you no longer have an inheritance tax or a death tax. So if you want to leave it to your children, you can leave it to your children, there's no tax to be paid by your children. So they don't have to go back to the evil banker, borrow money from the banker, lose the farm, lose the business, it won't happen. And I always say, I know a lot of parents that don't love the children very much. Is there anybody in this room that does not love your children? Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand. Nobody. Nobody, that's because we're North Carolina, you love your children. But if you don't, then it doesn't matter because if you don't love your children, don't leave them a damn thing, but you don't have the inheritance tax anymore, which is great. A lot of people don't even know that, but that's a big deal or no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly betraying the American people than on the issue of immigration sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminals to terrorize your communities. Right here in North Carolina, believe it or not, the sanctuary county of Durham released an illegal alien criminal, who then receded to viciously murdered a young 19 year old woman last year, you know all about it. Killing her and dumping her body into the woods. Last year alone, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina, how did that happen to North Carolina? Deliberately set free hundreds and hundreds of, and these are really dangerous criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of burglary, gun crime, sexual assault, kidnapping, and even suffering they inflict on our people. We're building the wall. We're building the wall. We're building the wall. We're building the wall. Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way. We built 127 miles as of today, 127. Mexico is paying for the wall. The media is going to be thrilled when I explain that Mexico is paying for the wall because you know, now finally they said I've had obstruction like you wouldn't believe. The entire democratic party. I could get anything. I created Space Force. I could do anything. I could get. Lindsey and Thom Tillis knows. Mark knows this. All of them knows this. If I wanted 25 cents for the wall, they didn't want to get it. They didn't want to do it, but now we got it, and you think that's easy? Nobody else could have done this. We're building it. We're building our hearts away. We'll soon be building many, many miles a week, but we're up to over 125, I guess 127, 28 by now, of the super duper wall, super duper. I went to Border Patrol, I said, " What is your wish?" "Well, sir, we'd like it to be steel and concrete." They want it exactly what they have it, and the barriers up top, they want everything. It's called a no climb provisor, no climb provisor. I said, "What does the word provisor mean?" They didn't know. All it means is you're not able to climb over it. It is very tough. I don't know if you saw. In a part of the wall, a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall, and the fire department had to come and take them down. That's what the no climb is. That's what the no climb is. It's a no climb. It's more money. It's a little more expensive. Thank you. Who is that? What a voice. Pavarotti. So, we're building the wall. It's going great. So, they said, "All right. He's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it." Yes, they are. You'll see. You'll see. You understand. Some of you understand because I told a few people last week, it got linked to the fake news media. If you want to end sanctuary cities in North Carolina and across America, then you have only one choice. You must vote Republican. You have to. You have to. We've added catch and release, one of the worst loopholes you've ever seen, catch and release. You catch them. You then say, "Where do you live?" They don't know because look, let's face it, they don't know. I understand that. It's not even to be laughed at. They don't know. "Where do you live?" I don't know. Mexico, maybe, Honduras, Guatemala, who knows? El Salvador. "Where do you live?" Like this guy, he's a Mexican. You're about as Mexican as I am. Look at this guy. He's as Mexican as I am. Look at that hat. Are you Mexican? Are you Mexican? No, you're not. Are you? He is. It's like Elizabeth Warren. She said she was an Indian. I said, "I have more Indian blood in me than you have, and I have none. She said, "Oh, this is terrible." So she went out and got a test and it turned out not so good for her. Right? 1024th, right? One thousandths, so I was right. I probably have more in me. What a phony she is. What a phony. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme. 132 Congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders' healthcare takeover. While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security. Remember they used to say with me, "I'm going to end it the first day." Well, you know what, we're going to soon be four years and all I've done is make it stronger. You know that. My administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare. You're going to have great health. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep the plan of your choice. Remember President Obama? You can keep your doctor. You can keep your plan. 28 times. They said, "Impeach him. You should impeach him." 28 times he lied. 28 times on record, "You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan." Well, that's not true. It wasn't. Impeach him. We're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office. We are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive and they're better plans. We are protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will, and we are trying terminate, in the Supreme Court of the United States, the worst healthcare in the world, and we are going to give you the best healthcare you've ever seen at a low price and again, protecting preexisting conditions. Protecting preexisting conditions. We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing. You know what that is? Surprise. You get all sorts of surprises. We have people that take a blood test in one place, it's $26, and in another place it's $2000. Same blood test, maybe the cheap one is better, who knows? Same blood test. It's wrong. Surprise medical building. Bombed. Out. Billing. I signed an executive order opposing price transparency that's going to be bigger than healthcare, because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very, very fast. Right? It's a big thing. It's a big thing. We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost. We have given them, and there's a lot of political pressure not to do that, you can understand why. To care for our amazing veterans, we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, and nobody said it could be done. So now, instead of waiting in line for days and days, and weeks and weeks to see a doctor, you go outside, you get a doctor, we pay the bill, you get all fixed up. What a great thing. It's called VA Choice. I got it done. They've been trying to pass it for almost 50 years and they haven't been able to. Those people over there were a great help. We have passed the spectacular Right to Try. You know what that is? Hopefully nobody in the room needs. Hopefully nobody in the room needs Right to Try. We are combating the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years. We've launched new initiatives combating kidney disease and Alzheimer's, and we're pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients, and breaking all records in so doing. Virtually every Democratic candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth. How about that? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. Then you have the Governor of Virginia. The baby is born. The baby is born and he says, "And then you go over and start talking to the mother as to whether or not you execute the baby." This is the Governor of Virginia. The Governor of Virginia. He's a beauty. You remember what he did? He wanted to dance like Michael Jackson and his wife stopped him. He got lucky. But the Governor of Virginia wanted to do that. The baby is born and then he goes over and talks to the mother. The doctor will now talk, and you'll make a decision as to whether or not the baby lives. Did you ever hear of anything like this? The Democratic party is the party of high taxes, high crime, unlimited regulations, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln. So many people came up to me tonight and they want me to fight, and we're doing it for school choice, so that every child who needs it, gets it. No parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life. Alice Johnson, do we love Alice Johnson? This could not have been done by anyone other than the Republican party. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Our historic investments in the United States military include $200 million to a place that nobody's heard of in this audience, I'm sure, Fort Bragg. $300 million for Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. More than $500 million for Marine Corps Air Station New River. Listen to this one. No Democrat's going to this. They don't even want to spend money on the military. They don't like the military. They're not going to spend money. $1.2 billion for Camp Lejeune. $1.2 billion. Do you think that a guy like sleepy Joe's going to put, he doesn't know what it means. I know what I means. We have to have a strong military. We have the strongest military we've ever had. When I came in, our military was in sad shape. It was depleted, but we've rebuilt it, $2.5 trillion dollars went into our military. 01] is the actual survival of an our nation itself. If you want your children to inherit the blessings of generations of Americans who fought and died to secure, and you know what they're securing, they are securing us, they're securing our freedom, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November, November 3rd to be exact. Only this way can we save the America we love, and drain the Washington swamp, which is by the way, much more vicious, much dirtier, much deeper than I ever thought, but we are kicking ass. With your help, we will lift billions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration, and we will continue with the great Thom Tillis. We will get Thom Tillis. Thom, I don't think anybody even wants to run against you, Thom, but we're going to reelect Thom Tillis. Is that right? We're going to reelect Thom Tillis. If we don't, I'm going to be so angry at you. I'll only come back here a few times a year. No, Thom is going to be great. Thom, I think you're in great shape. I think you're in great shape. One more hand for Thom Tillis, please. We don't even know who's running against him. Nobody wants the run. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful, beautiful, beautiful phrase Made in the USA, right? Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in less than nine years. We've already started. Who would have thought? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. Your second amendment rights are under siege. Believe me, they're under siege. We don't get in, you can forget your second amendment. That's what I think. I really believe it. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that binds us together as one beautiful America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We live by the words of our national motto, In God We Trust. From Fayetteville to Wilmington, from Raleigh to Greensboro, from Asheville to Kitty Hawk, to right here in Charlotte, this state is the home to some of the toughest men and strongest women, and most incredible patriots ever to walk the face of the Earth. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, blazed the trail, sailed the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two world wars, defeated fascism, and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, that's what's happening. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come. Because together, we have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we have made America great again. Thank you. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you.